Dhritarashtra said:
What did my (people) and the Pandavas do, O
Sangaya! when they assembled together on the holy
field of Kurukshetra, desirous to do battle?
Sangaya said:
Seeing the army of the Pandavas drawn up in battlearray, the prince Duryodhana approached his
preceptor, and spoke (these) words:
`O preceptor! observe this grand army of the sons of
Pandu, drawn up in battle-array by your talented
pupil, the son of Drupada.
In it are heroes (bearing) large bows, the equals of
Bhima and Arguna in battle (namely),
Yuyudhana, Virata, and Drupada, the master of a great
car, and
Dhrishtaketu, Kekitana, and the valiant king of Kasi,
Purugit and Kuntibhoga, and that eminent man
Saibya;
the heroic Yudhamanyu, the valiant Uttamaugas, the
son of Subhadra, and the sons of Draupadi
all masters of great cars.
And now, O best of Brahmanas! learn who are most
distinguished among us, and are leaders of my
army. I will name them to you, in order that you may
know them well.
Yourself, and Bhishma, and Karna, and Kripa the
victor of (many) battles; Asvatthaman, and
Vikarna, and also the son of Somadatta,
and many other brave men, who have given up their
lives for me, who fight with various weapons,
(and are) all dexterous in battle.
Thus our army which is protected by Bhishma is
unlimited; while this army of theirs which is
protected by Bhima is very limited.
And therefore do ye all, occupying respectively the
positions I assigned to you, protect Bhishma
only.'
Then his powerful grandsire, Bhishma, the oldest of
the Kauravas, roaring aloud like a lion, blew
his conch, (thereby) affording delight to Duryodhana.
And then all at once, conchs, and kettledrums, and
tabors, and trumpets were played upon; and
there was a tumultuous din.
Then, too, Madhava and the son of Pandu
(Arguna), seated in a grand chariot to which white steeds
were yoked, blew their heavenly conchs.
Hrishikesa blew the Pankaganya, and
Dhanangaya the Devadatta, and Bhima, (the doer) of
fearful
deeds, blew the great conch Paundra.
King Yudhishthira, the son of Kunti, blew the
Anantavigaya and Nakula and Sahadeva
(respectively) the Sughosha and Manipushpaka.
And the king of Kasi, too, who has an excellent
bow, and Sikhandin, the master of a great car, and
Dhrishtadyumna, Virata, and the unconquered Satyaki,
and
Drupada, and the sons of Draupadi, and the son of
Subhadra, of mighty arms, blew conchs severally
from all sides, O king of the earth!
That tumultuous din rent the hearts of all (the
people) of Dhritarashtra's (party), causing
reverberations throughout heaven and earth.
Then seeing (the people of) Dhritarashtra's party
regularly marshalled, the son of Pandu, whose
standard is the ape, raised his bow, after the discharge of
missiles had commenced, and O king of the
earth! spake these words to Hrishikesa:
`O undegraded one! station my chariot between the
two armies,
while I observe those, who stand here desirous to
engage in battle, and with whom, in the labours of
this struggle, I must do battle.
I will observe those who are assembled here and
who are about to engage in battle, wishing to do
service in battle to the evil-minded son of Dhritarashtra.'
Sangaya said:
Thus addressed by Gudakesa, O descendant of
Bharata! Hrishikesa stationed that excellent chariot
between the two armies, in front of Bhishma and Drona
and of all the kings of the earth,
and said: `O son of Pritha! look at these assembled
Kauravas.'
There the son of Pritha saw in both armies, fathers
and grandfathers, preceptors, maternal uncles,
brothers, sons, grandsons, companions, fathers-in-law,
as well as friends.
And seeing all those kinsmen standing (there), the
son of Kunti was overcome by excessive pity,
and spake thus despondingly.
Arguna said:
Seeing these kinsmen, O Krishna! standing (here)
anxious to engage in battle, my limbs droop
down:
my mouth is quite dried up; a tremor comes over
my body; and my hairs stand on end; the Gandiva
(bow) slips from my hand; my skin burns intensely.
I am unable, too, to stand up; my mind whirls
round, as it were; O Kesava! I see adverse omens;
and I do not perceive any good (likely to accrue)
after killing (my) kinsmen in the battle. I do not
wish for victory, O Krishna! nor sovereignty, nor
pleasures:
what is sovereignty to us, O Govinda! what
enjoyments, and even life?
Even those, for whose sake we desire sovereignty,
enjoyments, and pleasures, are standing here for
battle, abandoning life and wealth-preceptors, fathers,
sons as well as grandfathers,
maternal uncles, fathers-in-law, grandsons,
brothers-in-law, as also (other) relatives. These I do
not wish to kill, though they kill (me), O destroyer of
Madhu! even for the sake of sovereignty over the
three worlds, how much less then for this earth (alone)?
What joy shall be ours, O Ganardana! after killing
Dhritarishtra's sons?
Killing these felons we shall only incur sin.
Therefore it is not proper for us to kill our own
kinsmen, the sons of Dhritarashtra. For how, O Madhava!
shall we be happy after killing our own
relatives?
Although they have their consciences corrupted by
avarice, they do not see the evils flowing from
the extinction of a family, and the sin in treachery to
friends;
still, O Ganardana! should not we, who do see the
evils flowing from the extinction of a family,
learn to refrain from that sin?
On the extinction of a family, the eternal rites of
families are destroyed. Those rites being
destroyed, impiety predominates over the whole family.
In consequence of the predominance of impiety, O
Krishna! the women of the family become
corrupt; and the women becoming corrupt, O descendant
of Vrishni! intermingling of castes results;
that intermingling necessarily leads the family and
the destroyers of the family to hell; for when the
ceremonies of (offering) the balls of food and water (to
them) fail, their ancestors fall down (to hell).
By these transgressions of the destroyers of
families, which occasion interminglings of castes, the
eternal rites of castes and rites of families are subverted.
And O Ganardana! we have heard that men whose
family-rites are subverted, must necessarily live
in hell.
Alas! we are engaged in committing a heinous sin,
seeing that we are making efforts for killing our
own kinsmen out of greed of the pleasures of sovereignty.
If the sons of Dhritarashtra, weapon in hand, were
to kill me in battle, me being weaponless and not
defending (myself), that would be better for me.
Sangaya said:
Having spoken thus, Arguna cast asde his bow
together with the arrows, on the battle-field, and sat
down in (his) chariot, with a mind agitated by grief.
Sangaya said:
To him, who was thus overcome with pity, and
dejected, and whose eyes were full of tears and turbid,
the destroyer of Madhu spoke these words.
The Deity said:
How (comes it that) this delusion, O Arguna! which is
discarded by the good, which excludes from
heaven, and occasions infamy, has overtaken you in this
(place of) peril?
Be not effeminate, O son of Pritha! it is not worthy of
you. Cast off this base weakness of heart, and
arise, O terror of (your) foes!
Arguna said:
How, O destroyer of Madhu! shall I encounter with
arrows in battle Bhisma and Drona both, O
destroyer of enemies! entitled to reverence?
Without killing (my) preceptors (men) of great glory
it is better to live even on alms in this
world. But if killing them, though that are avaricious of
worldly goods, I should only enjoy blood-tainted
enjoyments.
Nor do we know which of the two is better for us
whether that we should vanquish them, or that
they should vanquish us. Even those, whom having
killed, we do not wish to live even thse sons of
Dhritarashtra stand (arrayed) against us.
With a heart contaminated by the taint of
helplessness, with a mind confounded about my duty, I
ask
you. Tell me what is assuredly good for me. I am your
disciple: instruct me, who have thrown myself on
your (indulgence).
For I do not perceive what is to dispel that grief
which will dry up my organs after I shall have
obtained a properous kingdom on earth without a foe, or
even the sovereignty of the gods.
Sangaya said:
Having spoken thus to Hrishikesa, O terror of (your)
foes! Gudakesa said to Govinda, `I shall not
engage in battle;' and verily remain silent.
To him thus desponding between two armies, O
descedant of Bharata! Hrishikesa spoke these
words with a slight smile.
The Deity said:
You have grieved for those who deserve no grief,
and you speak words of wisdom. Learned men
grieve not for the living nor the dead.
Never did I not exist, nor you, nor these rulers of
men; nor will any one of us ever hereafter cease to
be.
As in this body, infancy and youth and old age
(come) to the embodied (self), so does the
acquisition of another body; a sensible man is not
deceived about that.
The contacts of the senses, O son of Kunti! which
produce cold and heat, pleasure and pain, are not
permanent, they are for ever coming and going. Bear
them, O descendant of Bharata!
For, O chief of men! that sensible man whom they
afflict not, (pain and pleasure being alike to
him), he merits immortality.
There is no existence for that which is unreal; there
is no non-existence for that which is real. And
the (correct) conclusion about both is perceived by those
who perceive the truth.
Know that to be indestructible which pervades all
this; the destruction of that inexhaustible
(principle) none can bring about.
These bodies appertaining to the embodied (self)
which is eternal, indestructible, and indefinable,
are declared to be perishable; therefore do engage in
battle, O descendant of Bharata!
He who thinks one to be the killer and he who
thinks one to be killed, both know nothing. He kills
not, is not killed.
He is not born, nor does he ever die, nor, having
existed, does he exist no more.
Unborn, everlasting, unchangeable, and very
ancient, he is not killed when the body is killed. O
son of Pritha! how can that man who knows the self thus
to be indestructible, everlasting, unborn, and
imperishable, kill any one, or cause any one to be killed?
As a man, casting off old clothes, puts on others
and new ones, so the embodied (self), casting off
old bodies, goes to others and new ones.
Weapons do not divide the self (into pieces); fire
does not burn it; waters do not moisten it; the
wind does not dry it up.
It is not divisible; it is not combustible; it is not to be
moistened; it is not to be dried up. It is
everlasting, all-pervading, stable, firm, and eternal. It is
said to be unperceived, to be unthinkable, to be
unchangeable.
Therefore knowing it to be such, you ought not to
grieve.
But even if you think that the self is constantly born,
and constantly dies, still, O you of mighty
arms! you ought not to grieve thus.
For to one that is born, death is certain; and to one
that dies, birth is certain. Therefore about (this)
unavoidable thing, you ought not to grieve.
The source of things, O descendant of Bharata! is
unperceived; their middle state is perceived; and
their end again is unperceived. What (occasion is there
for any) lamentation regarding them?
One looks upon it as a wonder; another similarly
speaks of it as a wonder; another too hears of it as
a wonder; and even after having heard of it, no one does
really know it.
This embodied (self), O descendant of Bharata!
within every one's body is ever indestructible.
Therefore you ought not to grieve for any being.
Having regard to your own duty also, you ought not
to falter, for there is nothing better for a
Kshatriya than a righteous battle.
Happy those Kshatriyas, O son of Pritha! who can
find such a battle (to fight) come of itself
an open door to heaven!
But if you will not fight this righteous battle, then
you will have abandoned your own duty and your
fame, and you will incur sin.
All beings, too, will tell of your everlasting infamy;
and to one who has been honoured, infamy is
(a) greater (evil) than death.
(Warriors who are) masters of great cars will think
that you abstained from the battle through fear,
and having been highly thought of by them, you will fall
down to littleness.
Your enemies, too, decrying your power, will speak
much about you that should not be spoken.
And what, indeed, more lamentable than that?
Killed, you will obtain heaven; victorious, you will
enjoy the earth. Therefore arise, O son of
Kunti! resolved to (engage in) battle.
Looking on pleasure and pain, on gain and loss, on
victory and defeat as the same, prepare for
battle, and thus you will not incur sin.
The knowledge here declared to you is that relating
to the Sankhya. Now hear that relating to the
Yoga. Possessed of this knowledge, O son of Pritha! you
will cast off the bonds of action.
In this (path to final emancipation) nothing that is
commenced becomes abortive; no obstacles exist;
and even a little of this (form of) piety protects one from
great danger.
There is here O descendant of Kuru! but one state
of mind consisting in firm understanding. But
the states of mind of those who have no firm
understanding are manifold and endless.
The state of mind which consists in firm
understanding regarding steady contemplation does not
belong to those; O son of Pritha! who are strongly
attached to (worldly) pleasures and power, and whose
minds are drawn away by that flowery talk which is full of
(the ordinances of)
specific acts for the attainment of (those) pleasures
and (that) power, and which promises birth as
the fruit of acts (that flowery talk) which those unwise
ones utter,
who are enamoured of Vedic words, who say there
is nothing, else, who are full of desires, and
whose goal is heaven.
The Vedas (merely) relate to the effects of the
three qualities; do you, O Arguna! rise above those
effects of the three qualities, and be free from the pairs of
opposites, always preserve courage, be free from
anxiety for new acquisitions or protection of old
acquisitions, and be self-controlled.
To the instructed Brahmana, there is in all the
Vedas as much utility as in a reservoir of water into
which waters flow from all sides.
Your business is with action alone; not by any
means with fruit. Let not the fruit of action be your
motive (to action). Let not your attachment be (fixed) on
inaction.
Having recourse to devotion, O Dhanangaya!
perform actions, casting off (all) attachment, and
being equable in success or ill-success; (such) equability
is called devotion.
Action, O Dhanangaya! is far inferior to the
devotion of the mind.
In that devotion seek shelter. Wretched are those
whose motive (to action) is the fruit (of action).
He who has obtained devotion in this world casts off both
merit and sin. Therefore apply yourself to
devotion; devotion in (all) actions is wisdom.
The wise who have obtained devotion cast off the
fruit of action; and released from the shackles of
(repeated) births, repair to that seat where there is no
unhappiness.
When your mind shall have crossed beyond the
taint of delusion, then will you become indifferent
to all that you have heard or will hear.
When your mind, that was confounded by what you
have heard, will stand firm and steady in
contemplation, then will you acquire devotion.
Arguna said:
What are the characteristics, O Kesava! of one
whose mind is steady, and who is intent on
contemplation? How should one of a steady mind speak,
how sit, how move?
The Deity said:
When a man, O son of Pritha! abandons all the
desires of his heart, and is pleased in his self only
and by his self, he is then called of a steady mind.
He whose heart is not agitated in the midst of
calamities, who has no longing for pleasures, and
from whom (the feelings of) affection, fear, and wrath
have departed, is called a sage of a steady mind.
His mind is steady, who, being without attachments
anywhere, feels no exultation and no aversion
on encountering, the various agreeable and disagreeable
(things of this world).
A man's mind is steady, when he withdraws his
senses from (all) objects of sense, as the tortoise
(withdraws) its limbs from all sides.
Objects of sense withdraw themselves from a
person who is abstinent; not so the taste (for those
objects). But even the taste departs from him, when he
has seen the Supreme.
The boisterous senses, O son of Kunti! carry away
by force the mind even of a wise man, who exerts
himself (for final emancipation).
Restraining them, all, a man should remain
engaged in devotion, making me his only resort. For
his mind is steady whose senses are under his control.
The man who ponders over objects of sense forms
an attachment to them; from (that) attachment is
produced desire; and from desire anger is produced;
from anger results want of discrimination; from want
of discrimination, confusion of the memory;
from confusion of the memory, loss of reason; and in
consequence of loss of reason he is utterly
ruined.integrity
But the self-restrained man who moves among
objects with senses under the control of his own self,
and free from affection and aversion, obtains
tranquillity.discipline
When there is tranquillity, all his miseries are
destroyed, for the mind of him whose heart is
tranquil soon becomes steady.
He who is not self-restrained has no steadiness of
mind; nor has he who is not self-restrained
perseverance in the pursuit of self-knowledge;
there is no tranquillity for him who does not
persevere in the pursuit of self-knowledge; and whence
can there be happiness for one who is not tranquil?
For the heart which follows the rambling senses
leads away his judgment, as the wind leads a boat
astray upon the waters.
Therefore, O you of mighty arms! his mind is steady
whose senses are restrained on all sides from
objects of sense.
The self-restrained man is awake, when it is night
for all beings; and when all beings are awake,
that is the night of the right-seeing, sage.
He into whom all objects of desire enter, as waters
enter the ocean, which, (though) replenished,
(still) keeps its position unmoved, he only obtains
tranquillity; not he who desires (those) objects of
desire.
The man who, casting off all desires, lives free from
attachments, who is free from egoism, and
from (the feeling that this or that is) mine, obtains
tranquillity.
This, O son of Pritha! is the Brahmic state; attaining
to this, one is never deluded; and remaining in
it in (one's) last moments, one attains (brahma-nirvana)
the Brahmic bliss.
Arguna said:
If, O Ganardana! devotion is deemed by you to be
superior to action, then why, O Kesava! do you
prompt me to (this) fearful action?
You seem, indeed, to confuse my mind by equivocal
words. Therefore, declare one thing
determinately, by which I may attain the highest good.
The Deity said:
O sinless one! I have already declared, that in this
world there is a twofold path that of the
Sankhyas by devotion in the shape of (true) knowledge;
and that of the Yogins by devotion in the shape of
action.
A man does not attain freedom from action, merely
by not engaging in action; nor does he attain
perfection by mere renunciation.
For nobody ever remains even for an instant without
performing some action; since the qualities of
nature constrain everybody, not having free-will (in the
matter), to some action.
The deluded man who restraining the organs of
action, continues to think in his mind about objects
of sense, is called a hypocrite.
But he, O Arguna! who restraining his senses by his
mind, and being free from attachments, engages
in devotion (in the shape) of action, with the organs of
action, is far superior.
Do you perform prescribed action, for action is better
than inaction, and the support of your body,
too, cannot be accomplished with inaction.
This world is fettered by all action other than action
for the purpose of the sacrifice. Therefore, O
son of Kunti! do you, casting off attachment, perform
action for that purpose.
The Creator, having in olden times created men
together with the sacrifice, said `Propagate with
this. May it be the giver to you of the things you desire.
Please the gods with this, and may those gods
please you. Pleasing each other, you will attain the
highest good.
For pleased with the sacrifices, the gods will give
you the enjoyments you desire. And he who
enjoys himself without giving them what they have given,
is, indeed, a thief.'
The good, who eat the leavings of a sacrifice, are
released from all sins. But the unrighteous ones,
who prepare food for themselves only, incur sin.
From food are born (all) creatures; from rain is the
production of food; rain is produced by
sacrifices; sacrifices are the result of action;
know that action has its source in the Vedas; the
Vedas come from the Indestructible. Therefore the
all-comprehending Vedas are always concerned with
sacrifices.
He who in this world does not turn round the wheel
revolving thus, is of sinful life, indulging his
senses, and, O son of Pritha! lie lives in vain.
But the man who is attached to his self only, who is
contented in his self, and is pleased with his
self, has nothing to do.
He has no interest at all in what is done, and none
whatever in what is not done, in this world; nor
is any interest of his dependent on any being.
Therefore always perform action, which must be
performed, without attachment. For a man,
performing action without attachment, attains the
Supreme.
By action alone, did Ganaka and the rest work for
perfection. And having regard also to the
keeping of people (to their duties) you should perform
action.
Whatever a great man does, that other men also
do. And people follow whatever he receives as
authority.
There is nothing, O son of Pritha! for me to do in
(all) the three worlds, nothing to acquire which
has not been acquired. Still I do engage in action.
For should I at any time not engage without sloth in
action, men would follow in my path from all
sides, O son of Pritha!
If I did not perform actions, these worlds would be
destroyed, I should be the cause of casteinterminglings; and I should be ruining these people.
As the ignorant act, O descendant of Bharata! with
attachment to action, so should a wise man act
without attachment, wishing to keep the people (to their
duties).
A wise man should not shake the convictions of the
ignorant who are attached to action, but acting
with devotion (himself) should make them apply
themselves to all action.
He whose mind is deluded by egoism thinks
himself the doer of the actions, which, in every way,
are done by the qualities of nature.
But he, O you of mighty arms! who knows the truth
about the difference from qualities and the
difference from actions, forms no attachments, believing
that qualities deal with qualities.
But those who are deluded by the qualities of
nature form attachments to the actions of the qualities.
A man of perfect knowledge should not shake these men
of imperfect knowledge (in their convictions).
Dedicating all actions to me with a mind knowing
the relation of the supreme and individual self,
engage in battle without desire, without (any feeling that
this or that is) mine, and without any mental
trouble.
Even those men who always act on this opinion of
mine, full of faith, and without carping, are
released from all actions.
But those who carp at my opinion and do not act
upon it, know them to be devoid of
discrimination, deluded as regards all knowledge, and
ruined.
Even a man of knowledge acts consonantly to his
own nature. All beings follow nature. What will
restraint effect?
Every sense has its affections and aversions
towards its-objects fixed. One should not become
subject to them, for they are one's opponents.
One's own duty, though defective, is better than
another's duty well performed. Death in
(performing) one's own duty is preferable ; the
(performance of the) duty of others is dangerous.
Arguna said:
But by whom, O descendant of Vrishni! is man
impelled, even though unwilling and, as it were,
constrained by force, to commit sin?
The Deity said:
It is desire, it is wrath, born from the quality of
passion; it is very ravenous, very sinful. Know that
that is the foe in this world.
As fire is enveloped by smoke, a mirror by dust, the
foetus by the womb, so is this enveloped by
desire.
Knowledge, O son of Kunti! is enveloped by this
constant foe of the man of knowledge, in the shape
of desire, which is like a fire and insatiable.
The senses, the mind, and the understanding are
said to be its seat; with these it deludes the
embodied (self) after enveloping knowledge.
Therefore `O chief of the descendants of Bharata!
first restrain your senses, then cast off this sinful
thing which destroys knowledge and experience.
It has been said, Great are the senses, greater
than the senses is the mind, greater than the mind is
the understanding. What is greater than the
understanding is that.
Thus knowing that which is higher than the
understanding, and restraining (your)self by (your)self,
O you of mighty arms! destroy this unmanageable enemy
in the shape of desire.
The Deity said:
This everlasting (system of) devotion I declared to
the sun, the sun declared it to Manu, and Manu
communicated it to Ikshvaku.
Coming thus by steps, it became known to royal
sages. But, O terror of (your) foes! that devotion
was lost to the world by long (lapse of) time.
That same primeval devotion I have declared to you
to-day, seeing that you are my devotee and
friend, for it is the highest mystery.
Arguna said:
Later is your birth; the birth of the sun is prior. How
then shall I understand that you declared (this)
first?
The Deity said:
I have passed through many births, O Arguna! and
you also. I know them all, but you, O terror of
(your) foes! do not know them.
Even though I am unborn and inexhaustible in (my)
essence, even though I am lord of all beings,
still I take up the control of my own nature, and am born
by means of my delusive power.
Whensoever, O descendant of Bharata! piety
languishes, and impiety is in the ascendant, I create
myself.
I am born age after age, for the protection of the
good, for the destruction of evil-doers, and the
establishment of piety.
Whoever truly knows thus my divine birth and work,
casts off (this) body and is not born again. He
comes to me, O Arguna!
Many from, whom affection, fear, and wrath have
departed, who are full of me, who depend on me,
and who are purified by the penance of knowledge, have
come into my essence.
I serve men in the way in which they approach me.
In every way, O son of Pritha! men follow in
my path.
Desiring the success of actions, men in this world
worship the divinities, for in this world of
mortals, the success produced by action is soon
obtained.
The fourfold division of castes was created by me
according to the apportionment of qualities and
duties. But though I am its author, know me to be
inexhaustible, and not the author.
Actions defile me not. I have no attachment to the
fruit of actions. He who knows me thus is not
tied down by actions.
Knowing this, the men of old who wished for final
emancipation, performed action. Therefore do
you, too, perform action as was done by men of old in
olden times.
Even sages are confused as to what is action, what
inaction. Therefore I will speak to you about
action, and learning that, you will be freed from (this world
of) evil.
One must possess knowledge about action; one
must also possess knowledge about prohibited
action; and again one must possess knowledge about
inaction. The truth regarding action is abstruse.
He is wise among men, he is possessed of
devotion, and performs all actions, who sees inaction in
action, and action in inaction.
The wise call him learned, whose acts are all free
from desires and fancies, and whose actions are
burnt down by the fire of knowledge.
Forsaking all attachment to the fruit of action,
always contented, dependent on none, he does
nothing at all, though he engages in action.
Devoid of expectations, restraining the mind and
the self, and casting off all belongings, he incurs
no sin, performing actions merely for the sake of the
body.
Satisfied with earnings coming spontaneously,
rising above the pairs of opposites, free from all
animosity, and equable on success or ill-success, he is
not fettered down, even though he performs
(actions).
The acts of one who is devoid of attachment, who
is free, whose mind is fixed on knowledge, and
who performs action for (the purpose of) the sacrifice are
all destroyed.
Brahman is the oblation; with Brahman (as a
sacrificial instrument) it is offered up; Brahman is in
the fire; and by Brahman it is thrown; and Brahman, too,
is the goal to which he proceeds who meditates
on Brahman in the action.
Some devotees perform the sacrifice to the gods,
some offer up the sacrifice by the sacrifice itself in
the fire of Brahman.
Others offer up the senses, such as the sense of
hearing and others, in the fires of restraint; others
offer up the objects of sense, such as sound and so forth,
into the fires of the senses.
Some again offer up all the operations of the
senses and the operations of the life-breaths into the
fire of devotion by self-restraint, kindled by knowledge.
Others perform the sacrifice of wealth, the sacrifice
of penance, the sacrifice of concentration of
mind, the sacrifice of Vedic study, and of knowledge, and
others are ascetics of rigid vows.
Some offer up the upward life-breath into the
downward life-breath, and the downward life-breath
into the upper life-breath, and stopping up the motions of
the upward and downward life-breaths, devote
themselves to the restraint of the life-breaths. Others,
who (take) limited food, offer up the life-breaths
into the life-breaths.
All of these, conversant with the sacrifice, have
their sins destroyed by the sacrifice. Those who eat
the nectar-like leavings of the sacrifice repair to the
eternal Brahman.
This world is not for those who perform no sacrifice,
whence (then) the other, O best of the
Kauravas!
Thus sacrifices of various sorts are laid down in the
Vedas. Know them all to be produced from
action, and knowing this you will be released (from the
fetters of this world).
The sacrifice of knowledge, O terror of (your) foes!
is superior to the sacrifice of wealth, for action,
O son of Pritha! is wholly and entirely comprehended in
knowledge.
That you should learn by salutation, question, and
service. The men of knowledge who perceive
the truth will teach knowledge to you.
Having learnt that, O son of Pandu! you will not
again fall thus into delusion; and by means of it,
you will see all beings, without exception, first in yourself,
and then in me.
Even if you are the most sinful of all sinful men, you
will cross over all trespasses by means of the
boat of knowledge alone.
As a fire well kindled, O Arguna! reduces fuel to
ashes, so the fire of knowledge reduces all actions
to ashes.
For there is in this world no means of sanctification
like knowledge, and that one perfected by
devotion finds within one's self in time.
He who has faith, whose senses are restrained,
and who is assiduous, obtains knowledge. Obtaining
knowledge, he acquires, without delay, the highest
tranquillity.
He who is ignorant and devoid of faith, and whose
self is full of misgivings, is ruined. Not this
world, not the next, nor happiness, is for him whose self is
full of misgivings.
Actions, O Dhanangaya! do not fetter one who is
self-possessed, who has renounced action by
devotion, and who has destroyed misgivings by
knowledge.
Therefore, O descendant of Bharata! destroy, with
the sword of knowledge, these misgivings of
yours which fill your mind, and which are produced from
ignorance. Engage in devotion. Arise!
Arguna said:
O Krishna! you praise renunciation of actions and
also the pursuit (of them). Tell me determinately
which one of these two is superior.
The Deity said:
Renunciation and pursuit of action are both
instruments of happiness. But of the two, pursuit of
action is superior to renunciation of action.
He should be understood to be always an ascetic,
who has no aversion and no desire. For, O you of
mighty arms! he who is free from the pairs of opposites is
easily released from (all) bonds.
Children not wise men talk of sankhya and yoga
as distinct. One who pursues either well
obtains the fruit of both.
The seat which the sankhyas obtain is reached by
the yogas also. He sees (truly), who sees the
sankhya and yoga as one.
Renunciation, O you of mighty arms! is difficult to
reach without devotion; the sage possessed of
devotion attains Brahman without delay.
He who is possessed of devotion, whose self is
pure, who has restrained his self, and who has
controlled his senses, and who identifies his self with
every being, is not tainted though he performs
(actions).
The man of devotion, who knows the truth, thinks he
does nothing at all, when he sees, hears,
touches, smells, eats, moves, sleeps, breathes,
talks, throws out, takes, opens or closes the eyelids;
he holds that the senses deal with the objects of
the senses.
He who, casting off (all) attachment, performs
actions dedicating them to Brahman, is not tainted
by sin, as the lotus-leaf (is not tainted) by water.
Devotees, casting off attachment, perform actions
for attaining purity of self, with the body, the
mind, the understandincy, or even the senses (all) free
(from egoistic notions).
He who is possessed of devotion, abandoning the
fruit of actions, attains the highest tranquillity.
He who is without devotion, and attached to the fruit (of
action), is tied down by (reason of his) acting in
consequence of (some) desire.
The self-restrained, embodied (self) lies at ease
within the city of nine portals, renouncing all
actions by the mind, not doing, nor causing (anything) to
be done.
The Lord is not, the cause of actions, or of the
capacity of performing actions amongst men, or of
the connexion of action and fruit. But nature only works.
The Lord receives no one's sin, nor merit either.
Knowledge is enveloped by ignorance, hence all
creatures are deluded.
But to those who have destroyed that ignorance by
knowledge of the self, (such) knowledge, like the
sun, shows forth that supreme (principle).
And those whose mind is (centred) on it, whose
(very) self it is, who are thoroughly devoted to it,
and whose final goal it is, go never to return, having their
sins destroyed by knowledge.
The wise look upon a Brahmana possessed of
learning and humility, on a cow, an elephant, a dog,
and a Svapaka, as alike.
Even here, those have conquered the material
world, whose mind rests in equability; since Brahman
is free from defects and equable, therefore they rest in
Brahman.
He who knows Brahman, whose mind is steady,
who is not deluded, and who rests in Brahman,
does not exult on finding anything agreeable, nor does he
grieve on finding anything disagreeable.
One whose self is not attached to external objects,
obtains the happiness that is in (one's) self; and
by means of concentration of mind, joining one's self (with
the Brahman), one obtains indestructible
happiness.
For the enjoyments born of contact (between
senses and their objects) are, indeed, sources of misery;
they have a beginning as well as an end. O son of Kunti!
a wise man feels no pleasure in them.
He who even in this world, before his release from
the body, is able to bear the agitations produced
from desire and wrath, is a devoted man, he is a happy
man.
The devotee whose happiness is within (himself),
whose recreation is within (himself), and whose
light (of knowledge) also is within (himself), becoming
(one with) the Brahman, obtains the Brahmic
bliss.
The sages whose sins have perished, whose
misgivings are destroyed, who are self-restrained, and
who are intent on the welfare of all beings, obtain the
Brahmic bliss.
To the ascetics, who are free from desire and
wrath, and whose minds are restrained, and who have
knowledge of the self, the Brahmic bliss is on both sides
(of death).
The sage who excludes (from his mind) external
objects, (concentrates) the visual power between
the brows, and making the upward and downward lifebreaths even, confines their movements within the
nose,
who restrains senses, mind, and understanding,
whose highest goal is final emancipation, from
whom desire, fear, and wrath have departed, is, indeed,
for ever released (from birth and death).
He knowing me to be the enjoyer of all sacrifices
and penances, the great Lord of all worlds, and the
friend of all beings, attains tranquillity.
The Deity said:
He who, regardless of the fruit of actions, performs
the actions which ought to be performed, is the
devotee and renouncer; not he who discards the (sacred)
fires, nor he who performs no acts.
Know, O son of Pandu! that what is called
renunciation is devotion; for nobody becomes a devotee
who has not renounced (all) fancies.
To the sage who wishes to rise to devotion, action is
said to be a means, and to him, when be has
risen to devotion, tranquillity is said to be a means.
When one does not attach oneself to objects of
sense, nor to action, renouncing all fancies, then one
is said to have risen to devotion.
(A man) should elevate his self by his self; he should
not debase his self, for even (a man's) own self
is his friend, (a man's) own self is also his enemy.
To him who has subjugated his self by his self, his
self is a friend; but to him who has not restrained
his self, his own self behaves inimically, like an enemy.
The self of one who has subjugated his self and is
tranquil, is absolutely concentrated (on itself), in
the midst of cold and heat, pleasure and pain, as well as
honour and dishonour.
The devotee whose self is contented with knowledge
and experience, who is unmoved, who has
restrained his senses, and to whom a sod, a stone, and
gold are alike, is said to be devoted.
And he is esteemed highest, who thinks alike about
well-wishers, friends, and enemies, and those
who are indifferent, and those who take part with both
sides, and those who are objects of hatred, and
relatives, as well as about the good and the sinful.
A devotee should constantly devote his self to
abstraction, remaining in a secret place, alone, with
his mind and self restrained, without expectations, and
without belongings.
Fixing his seat firmly in a clean place, not too high
nor too low, and covered over with a sheet of
cloth, a deerskin, and (blades of) Kusa (grass),
and there seated on (that) seat, fixing his mind
exclusively on one point, with the workings of the
mind and senses restrained, he should practice devotion
for purity of self.
Holding his body, head, and neck even and
unmoved, (remaining) steady, looking at the tip of his
own nose, and not looking about in (all) directions,
with a tranquil self, devoid of fear, and adhering to
the rules of Brahmakarins, he should restrain
his mind, and (concentrate it) on me, and sit down
engaged in devotion, regarding me as his final goal.
Thus constantly devoting his self to abstraction, a
devotee whose mind is restrained, attains that
tranquillity which culminates in final emancipation, and
assimilation with me.
Devotion is not his, O Arguna! who eats too much,
nor his who eats not at all; not his who is
addicted to too much sleep, nor his who is (ever) awake.
That devotion which destroys (all) misery is his,
who takes due food and exercise, who toils duly in
all works, and who sleeps and awakes (in) due (time).
When (a man's) mind well restrained becomes
steady upon the self alone, then he being indifferent
to all objects of desire, is said to be devoted.
As a light standing in a windless (place) flickers not,
that is declared to be the parallel for a
devotee, whose mind is restrained, and who devotes his
self to abstraction.
That (mental condition), in which the mind
restrained by practice, of abstraction, ceases to work; in
which too, one seeing the self by the self, is pleased in
the self;
in which one experiences that infinite happiness
which transcends the senses, and which can be
grasped by the understanding only; and adhering to
which, one never swerves from the truth; acquiring
which, one thinks no other acquisition higher than it;
and adhering to which, one is not shaken off even
by great misery; that should be understood to be
called devotion in which there is a severance of all
connexion with pain.
That devotion should be practised with steadiness
and with an undesponding heart.
Abandoning, without exception, all desires, which
are produced from fancies, and restraining the
whole group of the senses on all sides by the mind only,
one should by slow steps become quiescent, with a
firm resolve coupled with courage; and fixing
the mind upon the self, should think of nothing.
Wherever the active and unsteady mind breaks
forth, there one should ever restrain it, and fix it
steadily on the self alone.
The highest happiness comes to such a devotee,
whose mind is fully tranquil, in whom the quality
of passion has been suppressed, who is free from sin,
and who is become (one with) the Brahman.
Thus constantly devoting his self to abstraction, a
devotee, freed from sin, easily obtains that
supreme happiness-contact with the Brahman.
He who has devoted his self to abstraction, by
devotion, looking alike on everything, sees the self
abiding in all beings, and all beings in the self.
To him who sees me in everything, and everything
in me, I am never lost, and he is not lost to me.
The devotee who worships me abiding in all
beings, holding that all is one, lives in me, however he
may be living.
That devotee, O Arguna! is deemed to be the best,
who looks alike on pleasure or pain, whatever it
may be, in all (creatures), comparing all with his own
(pleasure or pain).
Arguna said:
I cannot see, O destroyer of Madhu! (how) the
sustained existence (is to be secured) of this devotion
by means of equanimity which you have declared in
consequence of fickleness.
For, O Krishna! the mind is fickle, boisterous,
strong, and obstinate; and I think that to restrain it is
as difficult as (to restrain) the wind.
The Deity said:
Doubtless, O you of mighty arms! the mind is
difficult to restrain, and fickle. Still, O son of Kunti!
it may be restrained by constant practice and by
indifference (to worldly objects).
It is my belief, that devotion is hard to obtain for
one who does not restrain his self. But by one who
is self-restrained and assiduous, it can be obtained
through (proper) expedients.
Arguna, said:
What is the end of him, O Krishna! who does not
attain the consummation of his devotion, being
not assiduous, and having a mind shaken off from
devotion, (though) full of faith?
Does he, fallen from both (paths), go to ruin like a
broken cloud, being, O you of mighty arms!
without support, and deluded on the path (leading) to the
Brahman?
Be pleased, O Krishna! to entirely destroy this
doubt of mine, for none else than you can destroy
this doubt.
The Deity said:
O son of Pritha neither in this world nor the next, is
ruin for him; for, O dear friend! none who
performs good (deeds) comes to an evil end.
He who is fallen from devotion attains the worlds of
those who perform meritorious acts, dwells
(there) for many a year, and is afterwards born into a
family of holy and illustrious men.
Or he is even born into a family of talented
devotees; for such a birth as that in this world is more
difficult to obtain.
There he comes into contact with the knowledge
which belonged to him in his former body, and
then again, O descendant of Kuru! he works for
perfection.
For even though reluctant, he is led away by the
self-same former practice, and although he only
wishes to learn devotion, he rises above the (fruits of
action laid down in the) divine word.
But the devotee working with great efforts, and
cleared of his sins, attains perfection after many
births, and then reaches the supreme goal.
The devotee is esteemed higher than the
performers of penances, higher even than the men of
knowledge, and the devotee is higher than the men of
action; therefore, O Arguna! become a devotee.
And even among all devotees, he who, being full of
faith, worships me, with his inmost self intent
on me, is esteemed by me to be the most devoted.
Deity said:
O son of Pritha! now hear how you can without
doubt know me fully, fixing your mind on me, and
resting in me, and practising devotion.
I will now tell you exhaustively about knowledge
together with experience; that being known, there
is nothing further left in this world to know.
Among thousands of men, only some work for
perfection; and even of those who have reached
perfection, and who are assiduous, only some know me
truly.
Earth, water, fire, air, space, mind, understanding,
and egoism, thus is my nature divided eightfold.
But this is a lower (form of my) nature. Know (that
there is) another (form of my) nature, and
higher than this, which is animate, O you of mighty arms!
and by which this universe is upheld.
Know that all things have these (for their) source. I
am the producer and the destroyer of the whole
universe.
There is nothing else, O Dhanangaya! higher than
myself; all this is woven upon me, like numbers of
pearls upon a thread.
I am the taste in water, O son of Kunti! I am the light
of the sun and moon. I am `Om' in all the
Vedas, sound in space, and manliness in human beings;
I am the fragrant smell in the earth, refulgence in the
fire; I am life in all beings, and penance in
those who perform penance.
Know me, O son of Pritha! to be the eternal seed of
all beings; I am the discernment of the
discerning ones, and I the glory of the glorious.
I am also the strength, unaccompanied by
fondness or desire, of the strong. And, O chief of the
descendants of Bharata! I am love unopposed to piety
among all beings.
And all entities which are of the quality of
goodness, and those which are of the quality of passion
and of darkness, know that they are, indeed, all from me;
I am not in them, but they are in me.
The whole universe deluded by these three states
of mind, developed from the qualities, does not
know me, who am beyond them and inexhaustible;
for this delusion of mine, developed from the
qualities, is divine and difficult to transcend. Those
who resort to me alone cross beyond this delusion.
Wicked men, doers of evil (acts), who are deluded,
who are deprived of their knowledge by (this)
delusion, and who incline to the demoniac state of mind,
do not resort to me.
But, O Arguna! doers of good (acts) of four classes
worship me: one who is distressed, one who is
seeking after knowledge, one who wants wealth, and one,
O chief of the descendants of Bharata! who is
possessed of knowledge.
Of these, he who is possessed of knowledge, who
is always devoted, and whose worship is
(addressed) to one (Being) only, is esteemed highest.
For to the man of knowledge I am dear above all
things, and he is dear to me. All these are noble.
But the man possessed of knowledge is deemed by me to
be my own self. For he with (his) self devoted to
abstraction, has taken to me as the goal than which there
is nothing higher.
At the end of many lives, the man possessed of
knowledge approaches me, (believing) that
Vasudeva is everything. Such a high-souled man is very
hard to find.
Those who are deprived of knowledge by various
desires approach other divinities, observing
various regulations, and controlled by their own natures.
Whichever form (of deity) any worshipper wishes to
worship with faith, to that form I render his
faith steady.
Possessed of that faith, he seeks to propitiate (the
deity in) that (form), and obtains from it those
beneficial things which he desires, (though they are)
really given by me.
But the fruit thus (obtained) by them, who have little
judgment, is perishable. Those who worship
the divinities go to the divinities, and my worshippers, too,
go to me.
The undiscerning ones, not knowing my
transcendent and inexhaustible essence, than which
there
is nothing higher, think me, who am unperceived, to have
become perceptible.
Surrounded by the delusion of my mystic power, I
am not manifest to all. This deluded world
knows not me unborn and inexhaustible.
I know, O Arguna! the things which have been,
those which are, and those which are to be. But me
nobody knows.
All beings, O terror of (your) foes! are deluded at
the time of birth by the delusion, O descendant of
Bharata! caused by the pairs of opposites arising from
desire and aversion.
But the men of meritorious actions, whose sins
have terminated, worship me, being released from
the delusion (caused) by the pairs of opposites, and being
firm in their beliefs.
Those who, resting on me, work for release from
old age and death, know the Brahman, the whole
Adhyitma, and all action.
And those who know me with the Adhibhuta, the
Adhidaiva, and the Adhiyagna, having minds
devoted to abstraction, know me at the time of departure
(from this world).
Arguna said:
What is that Brahman, what the Adhyatma, and
what, O best of beings! is action? And what is
called the Adhibhuta?
And who is the Adhiyagna, and how in this body, O
destroyer of Madhu? And how, too, are you to
be known at the time of departure (from this world) by
those who restrain their selfs?
The Deity said:
The Brahman is the supreme, the indestructible. Its
manifestation (as an individual self) is called the
Adhyatma. The offering (of an oblation to any divinity),
which is the cause of the production and
development of all things, is named action.
The Adhibhuta is all perishable things. The
Adhidaivata is the (primal) being. And the Adhiyagna,
O best of embodied (beings)! is I myself in this body.
And he who leaves this body and departs (from this
world) remembering me in (his) last moments,
comes into my essence. There is no doubt of that.
Also whichever form (of deity) he remembers when
he finally leaves this body, to that he goes, O son
of Kunti! having been used to ponder on it.
Therefore, at all times remember me, and engage in
battle.
Fixing your mind and understanding on me, you will
come to me, there is no doubt.
He who thinks of the supreme divine Being, O son of
Pritha! with a mind not (running) to other
(objects), and possessed of abstraction in the shape of
continuous meditation (about the supreme), goes to
him.
He who, possessed of reverence (for the supreme
Being) with a steady mind, and with the power of
devotion, properly concentrates the life-breath between
the brows, and meditates on the ancient Seer, the
ruler, more minute than the minutest atom, the supporter
of all, who is of an unthinkable form, whose
brilliance is like that of the sun, and who is beyond all
darkness, he attains to that transcendent and divine
Being.
I will tell you briefly about the seat, which those
who know the Vedas declare to be indestructible;
which is entered by ascetics from whom all desires have
departed; and wishing for which, people pursue
the mode of life of Brahmakarins.
He who leaves the body and departs (from this
world), stopping up all passages, and confining the
mind within the heart placing the life-breath in the head,
and adhering to uninterrupted meditation,
repeating the single syllable `Om,' (signifying) the
eternal Brahman, and meditating on me, he
reaches the highest goal.
To the devotee who constantly practises
abstraction, O son of Pritha! and who with a mind not
(turned) to anything else, is ever and constantly
meditating on me, I am easy of access.
The high-souled ones, who achieve the highest
perfection, attaining to me, do not again come to
life, which is transient, a home of woes.
All worlds, O Arguna! up to the world of Brahman,
are (destined) to return. But, O son of Kunti!
after attaining to me, there is no birth again.
Those who know a day of Brahman to end after
one thousand ages, and the night to terminate after
one thousand ages, are the persons who know day and
night.
On the advent of day, all perceptible things are
produced from the unperceived; and on the advent
of night they dissolve in that same (principle) called the
unperceived.
This same assemblage of entities, being produced
again and again, dissolves on the advent of night,
and, O son of Pritha! issues forth on the advent of day,
without a will of its own.
But there is another entity, unperceived and
eternal, and distinct from this unperceived (principle),
which is not destroyed when all entities are destroyed.
It is called the unperceived, the indestructible; they
call it the highest goal. Attaining to it, none
returns. That is my supreme abode.
That supreme Being, O son of Pritha! he in whom
all these entities dwell, and by whom all this is
permeated, is to be attained to by reverence not
(directed) to another.
I will state the times, O descendant of Bharata! at
which devotees departing (from this world) go,
never to return, or to return.
The fire, the flame, the day, the bright fortnight, the
six months of the northern solstice, departing
(from the world) in these, those who know the Brahman
go to the Brahman.
Smoke, night, the dark fortnight, the six months of
the southern solstice, (dying) in these, the
devotee goes to the lunar light and returns.
These two paths, bright and dark, are deemed to
be eternal in this world. By the one, (a man) goes
never to return, by the other he comes back.
Knowing these two paths, O son of Pritha! no
devotee is deluded. Therefore at all times be
possessed of devotion, O Arguna!
A devotee knowing all this, obtains all the holy fruit
which is prescribed for (study of) the Vedas,
for sacrifices, and also for penances and gifts, and he
attains to the highest and primeval seat.
Now I will speak to you, who are not given to
carping, of that most mysterious knowledge,
accompanied by experience, by knowing which you will
be released from evil.
It is the chief among the sciences, the chief among
the mysteries. It is the best means of
sanctification. It is imperishable, not opposed to the
sacred law. It is to be apprehended directly, and is
easy to practise.
O terror of your foes! those men who have no faith in
this holy doctrine, return to the path of this
mortal world, without attaining to me.
This whole universe is pervaded, by me in an
unperceived form. All entities live in me, but I, do not
live in them.
Nor yet do all entities live in me. See my divine
power. Supporting all entities and producing all
entities, my self lives not in (those) entities.
As the great and ubiquitous atmosphere always
remains in space, know that similarly all entities live
in me.
At the expiration of a Kalpa, O son of Kunti! all
entities enter my nature; and at the beginning of a
Kalpa, I again bring them forth.
Taking the control of my own nature, I bring forth
again and again this whole collection of entities,
without a will of its own, by the power of nature.
But, O Arguna! these actions do not fetter me, who
remain like one unconcerned, and who am
unattached to those actions.
Nature gives birth to movables and immovables
through me, the supervisor, and by reason of that,
O son of Kunti! the universe revolves.
Deluded people of vain hopes, vain acts, vain
knowledge, whose minds are disordered,
and who are inclined to the delusive nature of
Asuras and Rakshasas, not knowing my highest
nature as great lord of all entities, disregard me as I have
assumed a human body.
But the high-souled ones, O son of Pritha! who are
inclined to the godlike nature, knowing me as
the inexhaustible source of (all) entities, worship me with
minds not (turned) elsewhere.
Constantly glorifying me, and exerting themselves,
firm in their vows, and saluting me with
reverence, they worship me, being always devoted.
And others again, offering up the sacrifice of
knowledge, worship me as one, as distinct, and as allpervading in numerous forms.
I am the Kratu, I am the Yagna, I am the Svadha, I
the product of the herbs. I am the sacred verse.
I too am the sacrificial butter, and I the fire, I the offering.
I am the father of this universe, the mother, the
creator, the grandsire, the thing to be known, the
means of sanctification, the syllable Om, the Rik, Saman,
and Yagus also;
the goal, the sustainer, the lord, the supervisor, the
residence, the asylum, the friend, the source,
and that in which it merges, the support, the receptacle,
and the inexhaustible seed.
I cause heat and I send forth and stop showers. I
am immortality and also death; and I, O Arguna!
am that which is and that which is not.
Those who know the three (branches of)
knowledge, who drink the Soma juice, whose sins are
washed away, offer sacrifices and pray to me for a
passage into heaven; and reaching the holy world of the
lord of gods, they enjoy in the celestial regions the
celestial pleasures of the gods. And having enjoyed
that great heavenly world, they enter the mortal world
when (their) merit is exhausted.
Thus those who wish for objects of desire, and
resort to the ordinances of the three (Vedas), obtain
(as the fruit) going and coming.
To those men who worship me, meditating on me
and on no one else, and who are constantly
devoted, I give new gifts and preserve what is acquired
by them.
Even those, O son of Kunti! who being devotees of
other divinities worship with faith, worship me
only, (but) irregularly.
For I am the enjoyer as well as the lord of all
sacrifices. But they know me not truly, therefore do
they fall.
Those who make vows to the gods go to the gods;
those who make vows to the manes go to the
manes those who worship the Bhutas go to the Bhutas;
and those likewise who worship me go to me.
Whoever with devotion offers me leaf, flower, fruit,
water, that, presented with devotion, I accept
from him whose self is pure.
Whatever you do, O son of Kunti! whatever you
eat, whatever sacrifice you make, whatever you
give, whatever penance you perform, do that as offered to
me.
Thus will you be released from the bonds of action,
the fruits of which are agreeable or
disagreeable. And with your self possessed of (this)
devotion, (this) renunciation, you will be released
(from the bonds of action) and will come to me.
I am alike to all beings; to me none is hateful, none
dear. But those who worship me with devotion
(dwell) in me, and I too in them.
Even if a very ill-conducted man worships me, not
worshipping any one else, he must certainly be
deemed to be good, for he has well resolved.
He soon becomes devout of heart, and obtains
lasting tranquillity. (You may) affirm, O son of
Kunti! that my devotee is never ruined.
For, O son of Pritha! even those who are of sinful
birth, women, Vaisyas, and Sudras likewise,
resorting to me, attain the supreme goal.
What then (need be said of) holy Brahmanas and
royal saints who are (my) devotees? Coming to
this transitent unhappy world, worship me.
(Place your) mind on me, become my devotee, my
worshipper; reverence me, and thus making me
your highest goal, and devoting your self to abstraction,
you will certainly come to me.
Yet again, O you of mighty arms! listen to my
excellent words, which, out of a wish for your
welfare, I speak to you who are delighted (with them).
Not the multitudes of gods, nor the great sages
know my source; for I am in every way the origin of
the gods and great sages.
Of (all) mortals, he who knows me to be unborn,
without beginning, the great lord of the world,
being free from delusion, is released from all sins.
Intelligence, knowledge, freedom from delusion,
forgiveness, truth, restraint of the senses,
tranquillity, pleasure, pain, birth, death, fear, and
also security, harmlessness, equability,
contentment, penance, (making) gifts, glory, disgrace, all
these different tempers of living beings are from
me alone.
The seven great sages, and likewise the four
ancient Manus, whose descendants are (all) these
people in the world, were all born from my mind,
(partaking) of my powers.
Whoever correctly knows these powers and
emanations of mine, becomes possessed of devotion free
from indecision; of this (there is) no doubt.
The wise, full of love, worship me, believing that I
am the origin of all, and that all moves on
through me.
(Placing their) minds on me, offering (their) lives to
me, instructing each other, and speaking about
me, they are always contented and happy.
To these, who are constantly devoted, and who
worship with love, I give that knowledge by which
they attain to me.
And remaining in their hearts, I destroy, with the
brilliant lamp of knowledge, the darkness born
of ignorance in such (men) only, out of compassion for
them.
Arguna said:
You are the supreme Brahman, the supreme goal,
the holiest of the holy.
All sages, as well as the divine sage Narada,
Asita, Devala, and Vyasa, call you the eternal being,
divine, the first god, the unborn, the all-pervading.
And so, too, you tell me yourself, O Kesava!
I believe all this that you tell me (to be) true; for, O
lord! neither the gods nor demons understand
your manifestation. You only know your self by your self.
O best of beings! creator of all things! lord of all
things! god of gods! lord of the universe! be
pleased to declare without exception your divine
emanations, by which emanations you stand pervading
all these worlds.
How shall I know you, O you of mystic power!
always meditating on you? And in what various
entities, O lord! should I meditate on you?
Again, O Ganardana! do you yourself declare your
powers and emanations; because hearing this
nectar, I (still) feel no satiety.
The Deity said:
Well then, O best of Kauravas! I will state to you
my own divine emanations; but (only) the chief
(ones), for there is no end to the extent of my
(emanations).
I am the self, O Gudakesa! seated in the hearts of
all beings. I am the beginning and the middle
and the end also of all beings.
I am Vishnu among the Adityas, the beaming sun
among the shining (bodies); I am Mariki among
the Maruts, and the moon among the lunar mansions.
Among the Vedas, I am the Sama-veda. I am
Indra among the gods. And I am mind among the
senses. I am consciousness in (living) beings.
And I am Sankara among the Rudras, the lord of
wealth among Yakshas and Rakshases. And I
am fire among the Vasus, and Meru among the hightopped (mountains).
And know me, O Arguna! to be Brihaspati, the
chief among domestic priests. I am Skanda among
generals. I am the ocean among reservoirs of water.
I am Bhrigu among the great sages. I am the
single syllable (OM) among words. Among
sacrifices I am the Gapa sacrifice; the Himalaya among
the firmly-fixed (mountains);
the Asvattha among all trees, and Narada among
divine sages; Kitraratha among the heavenly
choristers, the sage Kapila among the Siddhas.
Among horses know me to be Ukkaissravas,
brought forth by (the labours for) the nectar; and
Airavata among the great elephants, and the ruler of men
among men.
I am the thunderbolt among weapons, the wishgiving (cow) among cows. And I am love which
generates. Among serpents I am Vasuki.
Among Naga snakes I am Ananta; I am Varuna
among aquatic beings. And I am Aryaman
among the manes, and Yama among rulers.
Among demons, too, I am Pralhada. I am the king
of death (Kala, time) among those that count.
Among beasts I am the lord of beasts, and the son of
Vinata among birds.
I am the wind among those that blow. I am Rama
among those that wield weapons. Among
fishes I am Makara, and among streams the Gahnavi.
Of created things I am the beginning and the end
and the middle also, O Arguna! Among
sciences, I am the science of the Adhyatma, and I am the
argument of controversialists.
Among letters I am the letter A, and among the
group of compounds the copulative compound. I
myself am time inexhaustible, and I the creator whose
faces are in all directions.
I am death who seizes all, and the source of what
is to be. And among females, fame, fortune,
speech, memory, intellect, courage, forgiveness.
Likewise among Saman hymns, I am the Brihatsaman, and I the Gayatri among metres. I am
Margasirsha among the months, the spring among the
seasons;
of cheats, I am the game of dice; I am the glory of
the glorious; victory, I am industry, I am the
goodness of the good.
I am Vasudeva among the descendants of
Vrishni, and Arguna among the Pandavas. Among
sages also, I am Vyasa; and among the discerning ones,
I am the discerning Usanas.
I am the rod of those that restrain, and the policy
of those that desire victory. I am silence
respecting secrets. I am the knowledge of those that
have knowledge.
And, O Arguna! I am also that which is the seed
of all things. There is nothing movable or
immovable which can exist without me.
O terror of your foes! there is no end to my divine
emanations. Here I have declared the extent of
(those) emanations only in part.
Whatever thing (there is) of power, or glorious, or
splendid, know all that to be produced from
portions of my energy.
Or rather, O Arguna! what have you to do,
knowing all this at large? I stand supporting all this by
(but) a single portion (of myself).
Arguna said:
In consequence of the excellent and mysterious
words concerning the relation of the supreme and
individual soul, which you have spoken for my welfare,
this delusion of mine is gone away.
O you whose eyes are like lotus leaves! I have
heard from you at large about the production and
dissolution of things, and also about your inexhaustible
greatness.
O highest lord! what you have said about yourself
is so. I wish, O best of beings! to see your divine
form.
If, O lord! you think that it is possible for me to look
upon it, then, O lord of the possessors of
mystic power! show your inexhaustible form to me.
The Deity said:
In hundreds and in thousands see my forms, O son
of Pritha! various, divine, and of various colours
and shapes.
See the Adityas, Vasus, Rudras, the two Asvins,
and Maruts likewise. And O descendant of
Bharata! see wonders, in numbers, unseen before.
Within my body, O Gudakesa! see to-day the whole
universe, including (everything) movable and
immovable, (all) in one, and whatever else you wish to
see.
But you will not be able to see me with merely this
eye of yours. I give you an eye divine. (Now)
see my divine power.
Sangaya said:
Having spoken thus, O king! Hari, the great lord of
the possessors of mystic power, then showed to
the son of Pritha his supreme divine form,
having many mouths and eyes, having (within it)
many wonderful sights,
having many celestial ornaments, having, many
celestial weapons held erect, wearing celestial
flowers and vestments, having an anointment of celestial
perfumes, full of every wonder, the infinite deity
with faces in all directions.
If in the heavens, the lustre of a thousand suns
burst forth all at once, that would be like the lustre
of that mighty one.
There the son of Pandu then observed in the body
of the god of gods the whole universe (all) in
one, and divided into numerous (divisions).
Then Dhanangaya filled with amazement, and
with hair standing on end, bowed his head before
the god, and spoke with joined hands.
Arguna said:
O god! I see within your body the gods, as also all
the groups of various beings; and the lord
Brahman seated on (his) lotus seat, and all the sages and
celestial snakes.
I see you, who are of countless forms, possessed
of many arms, stomachs, mouths, and eyes on all
sides. And, O lord of the universe! O you of all forms! I
do not see your end or middle or beginning.
I see you bearing a coronet and a mace and a
discus a mass of glory, brilliant on all sides,
difficult to look at, having on all sides the effulgence of a
blazing fire or sun, and indefinable.
You are indestructible, the supreme one to be
known. You are the highest support of this universe.
You are the inexhaustible protector of everlasting piety. I
believe you to be the eternal being.
I see you void of beginning, middle, end of
infinite power, of unnumbered arms, having the sun
and moon for eyes, having a mouth like a blazing fire, and
heating the universe with your radiance.
For this space between heaven and earth and all
the quarters are pervaded by you alone. Looking,
at this wonderful and terrible form of yours, O high-souled
one! the three worlds are affrighted.
For here these groups of gods are entering into
you. Some being afraid are praying with joined
hands, and the groups of great sages and Siddhas are
saying `Welfare!' and praising you with abundant
(hymns) of praise.
The Rudras, and Adityas, the Vasus, the
Sadhyas, the Visvas, the two Asvins, the Maruts, and the
Ushmapas, and the groups of Gandharvas, Yakshas,
demons, and Siddhas are all looking at you amazed.
Seeing your mighty form, with many mouths and
eyes, with many arms, thighs, and feet, with
many stomachs, and fearful with many jaws, all people,
and I like-wise, are much alarmed, O you of
mighty arms!
Seeing you, O Vishnu! touching the skies, radiant,
possessed of many hues, with a gaping mouth,
and with large blazing eyes, I am much alarmed in my
inmost self, and feel no courage, no tranquillity.
And seeing your mouths terrible by the jaws, and
resembling the fire of destruction, I cannot
recognise the (various) directions, I feel no comfort. Be
gracious, O lord of gods! who pervadest the
universe.
And all these sons of Dhritarashtra, together with
all the bands of kings, and Bhishma and Drona,
and this charioteer's son likewise, together with our
principal warriors also,
are rapidly entering your mouths, fearful and
horrific by (reason of your) jaws. And some with
their heads smashed are seen (to be) stuck in the spaces
between the teeth.
As the many rapid currents of a river's waters run
towards the sea alone, so do these heroes of the
human world enter your mouths blazing all round.
As butterflies, with increased velocity, enter a
blazing fire to their destruction, so too do these
people enter your mouths with increased velocity (only) to
their destruction.
Swallowing all these people, you are licking them
over and over again from all sides, with your
blazing mouths. Your fierce splendours, O Vishnu! filling
the whole universe with (their) effulgence, are
heating it.
Tell me who you are in this fierce form.
Salutations be to thee, O chief of the gods! Be gracious. I
wish to know you, the primeval one, for I do not
understand your actions.
The Deity said:
I am death, the destroyer of the worlds, fully
developed, and I am now active about the overthrow
of the worlds. Even without you, the warriors standing in
the adverse hosts, shall all cease to be.
Therefore, be up, obtain glory, and vanquishing
(your) foes, enjoy a prosperous kingdom. All
these have been already killed by me. Be only the
instrument, O Savyasakin!
Drona, and Bhishma, and Gayadratha, and Karna,
and likewise other valiant warriors also, whom
I have killed, do you kill. Be not alarmed. Do fight. And
in the battle you will conquer (your) foes.
Sangaya said:
Hearing these words of Kesava, the wearer of the
coronet, trembling, and with joined hands,
bowed down and sorely afraid, and with throat choked up,
he again spoke to Krishna after saluting him.
Arguna said:
It is quite proper, O Hrishikesa! that the universe
is delighted and charmed by your renown, that
the demons run away affrighted in all directions, and that
all the assemblages of Siddhas bow down (to
you).
And why, O high-souled one! should they not bow
down to you (who are) greater than Brahman,
and first cause? O infinite lord of gods! O you pervading
the universe! you are the indestructible, that
which is, that which is not, and what is beyond them.
You are the primal god, the ancient being, you are
the highest support of this universe. You are
that which has knowledge, that which is the object of
knowledge, you are the highest goal. By you is this
universe pervaded, O you of infinite forms!
You are the wind, Yama, fire, Varuna, the moon,
you Pragapati, and the great grandsire.
Obeisance be to thee a thousand times, and again and
again obeisance to thee!
In front and from behind obeisance to thee!
Obeisance be to thee from all sides, O you who are
all! You are of infinite power, of unmeasured glory; you
pervade all, and therefore you are all!
Whatever I have said contemptuously, for
instance, `O Krishna!' `O Yadava!' `O friend!'
thinking you to be (my) friend, and not knowing your
greatness (as shown in) this (universal form),
or through friendliness, or incautiously; and
whatever disrespect I have shown you for purposes of
merriment, on (occasions of) play, sleep, dinner, or sitting
(together), whether alone or in the presence (of
friends), for all that, O undegraded one! I ask pardon of
you who are indefinable.
You are the father of the world movable and
immovable you its great and venerable master;
there is none equal to you, whence can there be one
greater, O you whose power is unparalleled in all the
three worlds?
Therefore I bow and prostrate myself, and would
propitiate you, the praiseworthy lord. Be
pleased, O god! to pardon (my guilt) as a father (that of
his) son, a friend (that of his) friend, or a husband
(that of his) beloved.
I am delighted at seeing what I had never seen
before, and my heart is also alarmed by fear. Show
me that same form, O god! Be gracious, O lord of gods!
O you pervading the universe!
I wish to see you bearing the coronet and the
mace, with the discus in hand, just the same (as
before). O you of thousand arms! O you of all forms!
assume that same four-handed form.
The Deity said:
O Arguna! being pleased (with you), I have by my
own mystic power shown you this supreme
form, full of glory, universal, infinite, primeval, and which
has not been seen before by any one else but
you, O you hero among the Kauravas!
I cannot be seen in this form by any one but you,
(even) by (the help of) the study of the Vedas, or
of sacrifices, nor by gifts, nor by actions, nor by fierce
penances.
Be not alarmed, be not perplexed, at seeing this
form of mine, fearful like this. Free from fear and
with delighted heart, see now again that same form of
mine.
Sangaya said:
Having thus spoken to Arguna, Vasudeva again
showed his own form, and the high-souled one
becoming again of a mild form, comforted him who had
been affrighted.
Arguna said:
O Ganardana! seeing this mild, human form of
yours, I am now in my right mind, and have come
to my normal state.
The Deity said:
Even the gods are always desiring to see this
form of mine, which it is difficult to get a sight of,
and which you have seen.
I cannot be seen, as you have seen me, by
(means of) the Vedas, not by penance, not by gift, nor
yet by sacrifice.
But, O Arguna! by devotion to me exclusively, I
can in this form be truly known, seen, and
assimilated with, O terror of your foes!
He who performs acts for (propitiating) me, to
whom I am the highest (object), who is my devotee,
who is free from attachment, and who has no enmity
towards any being, he, O son of Pandu I comes to
me.
Arguna said:
Of the worshippers, who thus, constantly devoted,
meditate on you, and those who (meditate) on the
unperceived and indestructible, which do best know
devotion?
The Deity said:
Those who being constantly devoted, and
possessed of the highest faith, worship me with a mind
fixed on me, are deemed by me to be the most devoted.
But those, who, restraining the (whole) group of the
senses, and with a mind at all times equable,
meditate on the indescribable, indestructible, unperceived
(principle) which is all-pervading, unthinkable,
indifferent,
immovable, and constant, they, intent on the good
of all beings, necessarily attain to me.
For those whose minds are attached to the
unperceived, the trouble is much greater.
Because the unperceived goal is obtained by
embodied (beings) with difficulty.
As to those, however, O son of Pritha! who,
dedicating all their actions to me, and (holding) me as
their highest (goal), worship me, meditating on me with a
devotion towards none besides me, and whose
minds are fixed on me, I, without delay, come forward as
their deliverer from the ocean of this world of
death.
Place your mind on me only; fix your understanding
on me. In me you will dwell, hereafter, (there
is) no doubt.
But if you are unable to fix your mind steadily on
me, then, O Dhanangaya! endeavour to obtain
me by the abstraction of mind (resulting) from continuous
meditation.
If you are unequal even to continuous meditation,
then let acts for (propitiating) me be your
highest (aim). Even performing actions for (propitiating)
me, you will attain perfection.
If you are unable to do even this, then resort to
devotion to me, and, with self-restraint, abandon
all fruit of action.
For knowledge is better than continuous
meditation; concentration is esteemed higher than
knowledge; and the abandonment of fruit of action than
concentration; from (that) abandonment,
tranquillity soon (results).
That devotee of mine, who hates no being, who is
friendly and compassionate, who is free from
egoism, and from (the idea that this or that is) mine, to
whom happiness and misery are alike, who is
forgiving,
contented, constantly devoted, self-restrained,
and firm in his determinations, and whose mind and
understanding are devoted to me, he is dear to me.
He through whom the world is not agitated, and
who is not agitated by the world, who is free from
joy and anger and fear and agitation, he too is dear to
me.
That devotee of mine, who is unconcerned, pure,
assiduous, impartial, free from distress, who
abandons all actions (for fruit), he is dear to me.
He who is full of devotion to me, who feels no joy
and no aversion, who does not grieve and does
not desire, who abandons (both what is) agreeable and
(what is) disagreeable, he is dear to me.
He who is alike to friend and foe, as also in
honour and dishonour, who is alike in cold and heat,
pleasure and pain, who is free from attachments,
to whom praise and blame are alike, who is
taciturn, and contented with anything whatever (that
comes), who is homeless, and of a steady mind, and full
of devotion, that man is dear to me.
But those devotees who, imbued with faith, and
(regarding) me as their highest (goal), resort to
this holy (means for attaining) immortality, as stated, they
are extremely dear to me.
The Deity said:
This body, O son of Kunti! is called Kshetra and the
learned call him who knows it the Kshetragna.
And know me also, O descendant of Bharata! to be
the Kshetragna in all Kshetras.
The knowledge of Kshetra and Kshetragna is
deemed by me (to be real) knowledge. Now hear from
me in brief what that Kshetra (is), what (it is) like, what
changes (it undergoes), and whence (it comes),
and what is he, and what his powers,
(all which) is sung in various ways by sages in
numerous hymns, distinctly, and in well-settled texts
full of argument, giving indications or full instruction about
the Brahman.
The great elements, egoism, the understanding,
the unperceived also, the ten senses, and the one,
and the five objects of sense,
desire, aversion, pleasure, pain, body,
consciousness, courage, thus in brief has been declared
the
Kshetra with changes.
Absence of vanity, absence of ostentatiousness,
absence of hurtfulness, forgiveness,
straightforwardness, devotion to a preceptor, purity,
steadiness, self-restraint,
indifference towards objects of sense, and also
absence of egoism; perception of the misery and evil
of birth, death, old age, and disease;
absence of attachment, absence of self-identifying
regard for son, wife, home, and so forth; and
constant equability on the approach of (both what is)
agreeable and (what is) disagreeable;
unswerving devotion to me, without meditation on
any one else; resorting to clean places, distaste
for assemblages of men,
constancy in knowledge of the relation of the
individual self to the supreme, perception of the
object of knowledge of the truth, this is called knowledge;
that is ignorance which is opposed to this.
I will declare that which is the object of
knowledge, knowing which, one reaches immortality; the
highest Brahman, having no beginning nor end, which
cannot be said to be existent or non-existent.
It has hands and feet on all sides, it has eyes,
heads, and faces on all sides, it has ears on all sides,
it stands pervading everything in the world.
Possessed of the qualities of all the senses, (but)
devoid of all senses, unattached, it supports all, is
devoid of qualities, and the enjoyer of qualities.
It is within all things and without them; it is
movable and also immovable; it is unknowable
through (its) subtlety; it stands afar and near.
Not different in (different) things, but standing as
though different, it should be known to be the
supporter of (all) things, and that which absorbs and
creates (them).
It is the radiance even of the radiant (bodies); it is
said (to be) beyond darkness. It is knowledge,
the object of knowledge, that which is to be attained to by
knowledge, and placed in the heart of all.
Thus in brief have Kshetra, knowledge, and the
object of knowledge been declared. My devotee,
knowing this, becomes fit for assimilation with me.
Know nature and spirit both (to be) without
beginning, and know all developments and qualities
(to be) produced from nature.
Nature is said to be the origin of the capacity of
working (residing) in the body and the senses; and
spirit is said (to be) the origin of the capacity of enjoying
pleasures and pains.
For spirit with nature joined, enjoys the qualities
born of nature. And the cause of its birth in good
or evil wombs is the connexion with the qualities.
The supreme spirit in this body is called
supervisor, adviser, supporter, enjoyer, the great lord,
and
the supreme self also.
He who thus knows nature and spirit, together
with the qualities, is not born again, however
living.
Some by concentration see the self in the self by
the self; others by the Sankhya-yoga; and others
still by the Karma-yoga;
others yet, not knowing this, practise
concentration, after hearing from others. They, too, being
(thus) devoted to hearing (instruction) cross beyond
death.
Whatever thing movable or immovable comes into
existence, know that to be from the connexion
of Kshetra and Kshetragna, O chief of the descendants of
Bharata!
He sees (truly), who sees the supreme lord
abiding alike in all entities, and not destroyed though
they are destroyed.
For he who sees the lord abiding everywhere
alike, does not destroy himself by himself, and then
reaches the highest goal.
He sees (truly), who sees (all) actions (to be) in
every way done by nature alone, and likewise the
self (to be) not the doer.
When a man sees all the variety of entities as
existing in one, and (all as) emanating from that,
then he becomes (one with) the Brahman.
This inexhaustible supreme self, being without
beginning and without qualities, does not act, and
is not tainted, O son of Kunti! though stationed in the
body.
As by (reason of its) subtlety the all-pervading
space is not tainted, so the self stationed in every
body is not tainted.
As the sun singly lights up all this world, so the
Kshetragna, O descendant of Bharata! lights up
the whole Kshetra. Those who, with the eye of
knowledge, thus understand the difference between
Kshetra and Kshetragna, and the destruction of the
nature of all entities, go to the supreme.
The Deity said:
Again I will declare (to you) the highest knowledge,
the best of (all sorts of) knowledge, having
learnt which, all sages have reached perfection beyond
(the bonds of) this (body).
Those who, resorting to this knowledge, reach
assimilation with my essence, are not born at the
creation, and are not afflicted at the destruction (of the
universe).
The great Brahman is a womb for me, in which I
cast the seed. From that, O descendant of
Bharata! is the birth of all things.
Of the bodies, O son of Kunti! which are born from
all wombs, the (main) womb is the great
Brahman, and I (am) the father, the giver of the seed.
Goodness, passion, darkness, these qualities born
from nature, O you of mighty arms! bind down
the inexhaustible soul in the body.
Of these, goodness, which, in consequence of
being untainted, is enlightening and free from (all)
misery, binds the soul, O sinless one! with the bond of
pleasure and the bond of knowledge.
Know that passion consists in being enamoured,
and is produced from craving and attachment.
That, O son of Kunti! binds down the embodied (self) with
the bond of action.
Darkness (you must) know to be born of ignorance,
it deludes all embodied (selfs). And that, O
descendant of Bharata! binds down (the self) with
heedlessness, indolence, and sleep.
Goodness unites (the self) with pleasure; passion,
O descendant of Bharata! with action; and
darkness with heedlessness, after shrouding up
knowledge.
Passion and darkness being repressed, goodness
stands, O descendant of Bharata! Passion and
goodness (being repressed), darkness; and likewise
darkness and goodness (being repressed), passion.
When in this body at all portals light (that is to say)
knowledge prevails, then should one know
goodness to be developed.
Avarice, activity, performance of actions, want of
tranquillity, desire, these are produced, O chief
of the descendants of Bharata! when passion is
developed.
Want of light, want of activity heedlessness, and
delusion, these are produced, O descendant of
Kuru! when darkness is developed.
When an embodied (self) encounters death, while
goodness is developed, then he reaches the
untainted worlds of those who know the highest.
Encountering death during (the prevalence of)
passion, he is born among those attached to action.
Likewise, dying during (the prevalence of) darkness, he is
born in the wombs of the ignorant.
The fruit of meritorious action is said to be good,
untainted; while the fruit of passion is misery;
and the fruit of darkness ignorance.
From goodness is produced knowledge, from
passion avarice, and from darkness heedlessness and
delusion and ignorance also.
Those who adhere to (the ways of) goodness go
up; the passionate remain in the middle; while
those of the qualities of darkness, adhering to the ways of
the lowest quality, go down.
When a right-seeing person sees none but the
qualities (to be) the doers (of all action), and knows
what is above the qualities, he enters into my essence.
The embodied (self), who transcends these three
qualities, from which bodies are produced, attains
immortality, being freed from birth and death and old age
and misery.
Arguna said:
What are the characteristics, O lord! of one who
has transcended these three qualities? What is
his conduct, and how does he transcend these three
qualities?
The Deity said:
He is said to have transcended the qualities, O
son of Pandu! who is not averse to light and activity
and delusion (when they) prevail, and who does not
desire (them when they) cease;
who sitting like one unconcerned is never
perturbed by the qualities; who remains steady and
moves not, (thinking) merely that the qualities exist; who
is self-contained;
to whom pain and pleasure are alike; to whom a
sod and a stone and gold are alike; to whom what
is agreeable and what is disagreeable are alike; who has
discernment;
to whom censure and praise of himself are alike;
who is alike in honour and dishonour; who is
alike towards the sides of friends and foes; and who
abandons all action.
And he who worships me with an unswerving
devotion, transcends these qualities, and becomes fit
for (entrance into) the essence of the Brahman.
For I am the embodiment of the Brahman, of
indefeasible immortality, of eternal piety, and of
unbroken happiness.
The Deity said:
They say the inexhaustible Asvattha has (its) roots
above, (its) branches below; the Khandas are its
leaves. He who knows it knows the Vedas.
Upwards and downwards extend its branches,
which are enlarged by the qualities, and the sprouts
of which are sensuous objects. And downwards to this
human world are continued its roots which lead on
to action.
Its form is not thus known here, nor (its) end, nor
beginning, nor support. But having with the firm
weapon of unconcern, cut this Asvattha, whose roots are
firmly fixed,
then should one seek for that seat from which
those that go there never return, (thinking) that one
rests on that same primal being, from whom the ancient
course (of worldly life) emanated.
Those who are free from pride and delusion, who
have overcome the evils of attachment, who are
constant in (contemplating) the relation of the supreme
and individual self, from whom desire has
departed, who are free from the pairs (of opposites)
called pleasure and pain, go undeluded to that
imperishable seal.
The sun does not light it, nor the moon, nor fire.
That is my highest abode, going to which none
returns.
An eternal portion of me it is, which, becoming an
individual soul in the mortal world, draws (to
itself) the senses with the mind as the sixth.
Whenever the ruler (of the bodily frame) obtains or
quits a body, he goes taking these (with him) as
the wind (takes) perfumes from (their) seats.
And presiding over the senses of hearing and
seeing and touch, and taste, and smell, and the mind,
he enjoys sensuous objects.
Those who are deluded do not see (him)
remaining in or quitting (a body), enjoying or joined to
the qualities; they see, who have eyes of knowledge.
Devotees making efforts perceive him abiding
within their selfs. But those whose selfs have not
been refined, and who have no discernment, do not
perceive him even (after) making efforts.
Know that glory (to be) mine which, dwelling in the
sun, lights up the whole world, or in the
moon or fire.
Entering the earth, I by my power support all
things, and becoming the juicy moon, I nourish all
herbs.
I becoming the fire, and dwelling in the bodies of
(all) creatures, and united with the upward and
downward life-breaths, cause digestion of the fourfold
food.
And I am placed in the heart of all; from me
(come) memory, knowledge, and their removal; I
alone am to be learnt from all the Vedas; I am the author
of the Vedantas; and I alone know the Vedas.
There are these two beings in the world, the
destructible and the indestructible. The destructible
(includes) all things. The unconcerned one is (what is)
called the indestructible.
But the being supreme is yet another, called the
highest self, who as the inexhaustible lord,
pervading the three worlds, supports (them).
And since I transcend the destructible, and since I
am higher also than the indestructible, therefore
am I celebrated in the world and in the Vedas as the best
of beings.
He who, undeluded, thus knows me the best of
beings, worships me every way, O descendant of
Bharata! knowing everything.
Thus, O sinless one! have I proclaimed this most
mysterious science. He who knows this, has
done all he need do, and he becomes possessed of
discernment.
Freedom from fear, purity of heart, perseverance in
(pursuit of) knowledge and abstraction of mind,
gifts, self-restraint, and sacrifice, study of the Vedas,
penance, straightforwardness,
harmlessness, truth, freedom from anger,
renunciation, tranquillity, freedom from the habit of
backbiting, compassion for (all) beings, freedom from
avarice, gentleness, modesty, absence of vain
activity,
noblemindedness, forgiveness, courage, purity,
freedom from a desire to injure others, absence of
vanity, (these), O descendant of Bharata! are his who is
born to godlike endowments.
Ostentatiousness, pride, vanity, anger, and also
harshness and ignorance (are) his, O son of Pritha!
who is born to demoniac endowments.
Godlike endowments are deemed to be (means) for
final emancipation, demoniac for bondage.
Grieve not, O descendant of Bharata! you are born to
god-like endowments.
(There are) two classes of created beings in this
world, the godlike and the demoniac; the godlike
(class) has been described at length; now hear from me,
O son of Pritha! about the demoniac.
Demoniac persons know not action or inaction,
neither purity nor yet (correct) conduct nor veracity
are in them.
They say the universe is devoid of truth, devoid of
fixed principle, and devoid of a ruler, produced
by union (of male and female) caused by lust, and
nothing else.
Holding this view, (these) enemies of the world, of
ruined; selfs, of little knowledge, and of
ferocious actions, are born for the destruction (of the
world).
Entertaining insatiable desire, full of vanity,
ostentatiousness, and frenzy, they adopt false notions
through delusion, and engage in unholy observances.
Indulging in boundless thoughts ending with
death, given up to the enjoyment of objects of desire,
being resolved that that is all,
bound down by nets of hopes in hundreds, given
up to anger and desire, they wish to obtain heaps
of wealth unfairly for enjoying objects of desire.
`This have I obtained to-day; this wish I will obtain;
this wealth is mine; and this also shall be
mine;
this foe I have killed; others too I will destroy; I am
lord, I am the enjoyer, I am perfect, strong,
happy;
I have wealth; I am of noble birth; who else is like
me? I will sacrifice; I will make gifts; I will
rejoice.' Thus deluded by ignorance,
tossed about by numerous thoughts, surrounded
by the net of delusion, and attached to the
enjoyment of objects of desire, they fall down into impure
hell.
Honoured (only) by themselves, void of humility,
and full of the pride and frenzy of wealth, these
calumniators; (of the virtuous) perform sacrifices, which
are sacrifices only in name, with ostentatiousness
and against prescribed rules;
indulging (their) vanity, brute force, arrogance,
lust, and anger; and hating me in their own bodies
and in those of others.
These enemies, ferocious, meanest of men, and
unholy, I continually hurl down to these worlds,
only into demoniac wombs.
Coming into demoniac wombs, deluded in every
birth, they go down to the vilest state, O son of
Kunti! without ever coming to me.
Threefold is this way to hell, ruinous to the self,
lust, anger, and likewise avarice; therefore
one should abandon this triad.
Released from these three ways to darkness, O
son of Kunti! a man works out his own salvation,
and then proceeds to the highest goal.
He who abandoning scripture ordinances, acts
under the impulse of desire, does not attain
perfection, nor happiness, nor the highest goal.
Therefore in discriminating between what should
be done and what should not be done, your
authority (must be) scripture. And knowing what is
declared by the ordinances of scripture, you should
perform action in this world.
Arguna said:
What is the state of those, O Krishna! who worship
with faith, (but) abandoning scripture
ordinances goodness, passion, or darkness?
The Deity said:
Faith is of three kinds in embodied (beings), it is
produced from dispositions. It is of the quality of
goodness, of the quality of passion, and of the quality of
darkness. Hear about it.
The faith of all, O descendant of Bharata! is
conformable to the heart. A being here is full of faith,
and whatever is a man's faith, that is a man himself.
Those of the quality of goodness worship the gods;
those of the quality of passion the Yakshas and
Rakshases; and the others, the people of the quality of
darkness, worship departed (spirits) and the
multitudes of Bhutas.
Know those to-be of demoniac convictions, who
practise fierce penance not ordained by scripture;
who are full of ostentatiousness and egoism, and of
desire, attachment, and stubbornness; who are without
discernment;
and who torment the groups of organs in (their)
bodies, and me also seated within (those) bodies.
The food also, which is liked by all, and likewise the
sacrifice, the penance, and gifts, are of three
kinds. Listen to the distinctions regarding them as
follows.
The kinds of food which increase life, energy,
strength, health, comfort, and relish, which are
savoury, oleaginous, full of nutrition, and agreeable, are
liked by the good.
The kinds of food which are bitter, acid, saltish, too
hot, sharp, rough, and burning, and which
cause pain, grief, and disease, are desired by the
passionate.
And the food which is cold, tasteless, stinking,
stale, impure, and even leavings, are liked by the
dark.
That sacrifice is good which, being prescribed in
(scripture) ordinances, is performed by persons
not wishing for the fruit (of it), and after determining (in
their) mind that the sacrifice must needs be
performed.
But when a sacrifice is performed, O highest of
the descendants of Bharata! with an expectation of
fruit (from it), and for the purpose of ostentation, know
that sacrifice (to be) passionate.
They call that sacrifice dark, which is against the
ordinances (of scripture), in which no food is
dealt out (to Brahmanas, &c.), which is devoid of Mantras,
devoid of Dakshina presents, and which is
without faith.
Paying reverence to gods, Brahmanas,
preceptors, and men of knowledge; purity,
straightforwardness, life as Brahmakarin, and
harmlessness, (this) is called the penance bodily.
The speech which causes no sorrow, which is
true, agreeable, and beneficial, and the study of the
Vedas, (this) is called the penance vocal.
Calmness of mind, mildness, taciturnity, selfrestraint, and purity of heart, this is called the
penance mental.
This threefold penance, practised with perfect
faith, by men who do not wish for the fruit, and who
are possessed of devotion, is called good.
The penance which is done for respect, honour,
and reverence, and with ostentatiousness, and
which is uncertain and transient, is here called
passionate.
And that penance is described as dark, which is
performed under a misguided conviction, with
pain to oneself, or for the destruction of another.
That gift is said (to be) good, which is given,
because it ought to be given, to one who (can) do no
service (in return), at a (proper) place and time, and to a
(proper) person.
But that gift which is given with much difficulty, for
a return of services, or even with an
expectation of fruit, is said to be passionate.
And that gift is described as dark, which is given
to unfit persons, at an unfit place and time,
without respect, and with contempt.
Om, Tad, and Sat, this is said (to be) the threefold
designation of the Brahman. By that, the
Brahmanas and the Vedas and sacrifices were created in
olden times.
Hence, the performance by those who study the
Brahman, of sacrifices, gifts, and penances,
prescribed by the ordinances (of scripture, always
commence after saying `Om.'
Those who desire final emancipation perform the
various acts of sacrifice and penance, and the
various acts of gift, without expectation of fruit, after
(saying) `Tad.'
`Sat' is employed to express existence and
goodness; and likewise, O son of Pritha! the word `Sat'
is used to express an auspicious act.
Constancy in (making) sacrifices, penances, and
gifts, is called `Sat'; and (all) action, too, of
which that is the object, is also called `Sat.'
Whatever oblation is offered, whatever is given,
whatever penance is performed, and whatever is
done, without faith, that, O son of Pritha! is called `Asat,'
and that is nought, both after death and here.
Arguna said:
O you of mighty arms! O Hrishikesa! O destroyer
of Kesin! I wish to know the truth about
renunciation and abandonment distinctly.
The Deity said:
By renunciation the sages understand the rejection
of actions done with desires. The wise call the
abandonment of the fruit of all actions (by the name)
abandonment.
Some wise men say, that action should be
abandoned as being full of evil; and others, that the
actions of sacrifice, gift, and penance should not be
abandoned.
As to that abandonment, O best of the descendants
of Bharata! listen to my decision; for
abandonment, O bravest of men! is described (to be)
threefold.
The actions of sacrifice, gift, and penance should
not be abandoned; they must needs be performed;
for sacrifices, gifts, and penances are means of
sanctification to the wise.
But even these actions, O son of Pritha! should be
performed, abandoning attachment and fruit;
such is my excellent and decided opinion.
The renunciation of prescribed action is not proper.
Its abandonment through delusion I is
described as of the quality of darkness.
When a man abandons action, merely as being
troublesome, through fear of bodily affliction, he
does not obtain the fruit of abandonment by making
(such) passionate abandonment.
When prescribed action is performed, O Arguna!
abandoning attachment and fruit also, merely
because it ought to be performed, that is deemed (to be)
a good abandonment.
He who is possessed of abandonment, being full
of goodness, and talented, and having his doubts
destroyed, is not averse from unpleasant actions, is not
attached to pleasant (ones).
Since no embodied (being) can abandon actions
without exception, he is said to be possessed of
abandonment, who abandons the fruit of action.
The threefold fruit of action, agreeable,
disagreeable, and mixed, accrues after death to those
who
are not possessed of abandonment, but never to
renouncers.
Learn from me, O you of mighty arms! these five
causes of the completion of all actions, declared
in the Sankhya system.
The substratum, the agent likewise, the various
sorts of organs, and the various and distinct
movements, and with these the deities, too, as the fifth.
Whatever action, just or otherwise, a man
performs with his body, speech, and mind, these five are
its causes.
That being so, the undiscerning man, who being
of an unrefined understanding, sees the agent in
the immaculate self, sees not (rightly).
He who has no feeling of egoism, and whose
mind is not tainted, even though he kills (all) these
people, kills not, is not fettered (by the action).
Knowledge, the object of knowledge, the knower
threefold is the prompting to action. The
instrument, the action, the agent, thus in brief is action
threefold.
Knowledge and action and agent are declared in
the enumeration of qualities (to be) of three
classes only, according to the difference of qualities.
Hear about these also as they really are.
Know that knowledge to be good, by which (a
man) sees one entity, inexhaustible, and not
different in all things (apparently) different (from one
another).
Know that knowledge to be passionate, which is
(based) on distinctions (between different
entities), which sees in all things various entities of
different kinds.
And that is described as dark, which clings to one
created (thing) only as everything, which is
devoid of reason, devoid of real principle, and
insignificant.
That action is called good, which is prescribed,
which is devoid of attachment, which is not done
from (motives of) affection or aversion, (and which is
done) by one not wishing for the fruit.
That is described as passionate, which
(occasions) much trouble, is performed by one who
wishes
for objects of desire, or one who is full of egotism.
The action is called dark, which is commenced
through delusion, without regard to consequences,
loss, injury, or strength.
That agent is called good, who has cast off
attachment, who is free from egotistic talk, who is
possessed of courage and energy, and unaffected by
success or ill-success.
That agent is called passionate, who is full of
affections, who wishes for the fruit of actions, who is
covetous, cruel, and impure, and feels joy and sorrow.
That agent is called dark, who is without
application, void of discernment, headstrong, crafty,
malicious, lazy, melancholy, and slow.
Now hear, O Dhanangaya! the threefold division
of intelligence and courage, according to
qualities, which I am about to declare exhaustively and
distinctly.
That intelligence, O son of Pritha! is good which
understands action and inaction, what ought to
be done and what ought not to be done, danger and the
absence of danger, emancipation and bondage.
That intelligence, O son of Pritha! is passionate,
by which one imperfectly understands piety and
impiety, what ought to be done and also what ought not to
be done.
That intelligence, O son of Pritha! is dark, which
shrouded by darkness, understands impiety (to
be) piety, and all things incorrectly.
That courage, O son of Pritha! is good courage,
which is unswerving, and by which one controls
the operations of the mind, breath, and senses, through
abstraction.
But, O Arguna! that courage is passionate, by
which one adheres to piety, lust, and wealth, and
through attachment wishes, O son of Pritha! for the fruit.
That courage is dark, O son of Pritha! by which an
undiscerning man does not give up sleep, fear,
sorrow, despondency, and folly.
Now, O chief of the descendants of Bharata! hear
from me about the three sorts of happiness.
That happiness is called good, in which one is
pleased after repetition (of enjoyment), and reaches
the close of all misery, which is like poison first and
comparable to nectar in the long run, and which is
produced from a clear knowledge of the self.
That happiness is called passionate, which (flows)
from contact between the senses and their
objects, and which is at first comparable to nectar and in
the long run like poison.
That happiness is described as dark, which arises
from sleep, laziness, heedlessness, which
deludes the self, both at first and in its consequences.
There is no entity either on earth or in heaven
among the gods, which is free from these three
qualities born of nature.
The duties of Brahmanas, Kshatriyas, and
Vaisyas, and of Sudras, too, O terror of your foes! are
distinguished according to the qualities born of nature.
Tranquillity, restraint of the senses, penance,
purity, forgiveness, straightforwardness, also
knowledge, experience, and belief (in a future world), this
is the natural duty of Brahmanas.
Valour, glory, courage, dexterity, not slinking away
from battle, gifts, exercise of lordly power,
this is the natural duty of Kshatriyas.
Agriculture, tending cattle, trade, (this) is the
natural duty of Vaisyas. And the natural duty of
Sudras, too, consists in service.
(Every) man intent on his own respective duties
obtains perfection. Listen, now, how one intent
on one's own duty obtains perfection.
Worshipping, by (the performance of) his own
duty, him from whom all things proceed, and by
whom all this is permeated, a man obtains perfection.
One's duty, though defective, is better than
another's duty well performed.
Performing the duty prescribed by nature, one
does not incur sin. O son of Kunti! one should not
abandon a natural duty though tainted with evil; for all
actions are enveloped by evil, as fire by smoke.
One who is self-restrained, whose understanding
is unattached everywhere, from whom affections
have departed, obtains the supreme perfection of
freedom from action by renunciation.
Learn from me, only in brief, O son of Kunti! how
one who has obtained perfection attains the
Brahman, which is the highest culmination of knowledge.
A man possessed of a pure understanding,
controlling his self by courage, discarding sound and
other objects of sense, casting off affection and aversion;
who frequents clean places, who eats little, whose
speech, body, and mind are restrained, who is
always intent on meditation and mental abstraction, and
has recourse to unconcern,
who abandoning egoism, stubbornness,
arrogance, desire, anger, and (all) belongings, has no
(thought that this or that is) mine, and who is tranquil,
becomes fit for assimilation with the Brahman.
Thus reaching the Brahman, and with a tranquil
self, he grieves not, wishes not; but being alike to
all beings, obtains the highest devotion to me.
By (that) devotion he truly understands who I am
and how great. And then understanding me
truly, he forthwith enters into my (essence).
Even performing all actions, always depending on
me, he, through my favour, obtains the
imperishable and eternal seat.
Dedicating in thought all actions to me, be
constantly given up to me, (placing) your thoughts on
me, through recourse to mental abstraction.
(Placing) your thoughts on me, you will cross over
all difficulties by my favour. But if you will not
listen through egotism, you will be ruined.
If entertaining egotism, you think that you may not
fight, vain, indeed, is that resolution of yours.
Nature will constrain you. That, O son of Kunti!
which through delusion you do not wish to do,
you will do involuntarily, tied down by your own duty,
flowing from your nature.
The lord, O Arguna! is seated in the region of the
heart of all beings, turning round all beings (as
though) mounted on a machine, by his delusion.
With him, O descendant of Bharata! seek shelter
in every way; by his favour you will obtain the
highest tranquillity, the eternal seat.
Thus have I declared to you the knowledge more
mysterious than any mystery. Ponder over it
thoroughly, and then act as you like.
Once more, listen to my excellent words most
mysterious of all. Strongly I like you, therefore I
will declare what ts for your welfare.
On me (place) your mind, become my devotee,
sacrifice to me, reverence me, and you will
certainly come to me. I declare to you truly, you are dear
to me.
Forsaking all duties, come to me as (your) sole
refuge. I will release you from all sins. Be not
grieved.
This you should never declare to one who
performs no penance, who is not a devotee, nor to one
who does not wait on (some preceptor), nor yet to one
who calumniates me.
He who, with the highest devotion to me, will
proclaim this supreme mystery among my devotees,
will come to me, freed from (all) doubts.
No one amongst men is superior to him in doing
what is dear to me. And there will never be
another on earth dearer to me than he.
And he who will study this holy dialogue of ours,
will, such is my opinion, have offered to me the
sacrifice of knowledge.
And the man, also, who with faith and without
carping will listen (to this), will be freed (from
sin), and attain to the holy regions of those who perform
pious acts.
Have you listened to this, O son of Pritha! with a
mind (fixed) on (this) one point only? Has your
delusion (caused) by ignorance been destroyed, O
Dhanangaya?
Arguna said:
Destroyed is my delusion; by your favour, O
undegraded one! I (now) recollect myself I stand freed
from doubts. I will do your bidding.
Sangaya said:
Thus did I hear this dialogue between Vasudeva
and the high-minded son of Pritha, (a dialogue)
wonderful and causing the hair to stand on end.
By the favour of Vyasa, I heard this highest
mystery, (this) devotion, from Krishna himself, the
lord of the possessors of mystic power, who proclaimed it
in person.
O king! remembering and (again) remembering
this wonderful and holy dialogue of Kesava and
Arguna, I rejoice over and over again.
And remembering and (again) remembering that
excessively wonderful form of Hari also, great is
my amazement, O king! and I rejoice over and over
again.
Wherever (is) Krishna, the lord of the possessors
of mystic power, wherever (is) the (great) archer,
the son of Pritha, there in my opinion (are) fortune,
victory, prosperity, and eternal justice.
Upanishads,
translated by F. Max Muller
Khandogya-Upanishad
First Prapathaka

Let a man meditate on the syllable Om, called the
udgitha; for the udgitha (a portion of the Samaveda) is sung, beginning with Om.
The full account, however, of Om is this:
The essence of all beings is the earth, the essence
of the earth is water, the essence of water the
plants, the essence of plants man, the essence of man
speech, the essence of speech the Rig-veda, the
essence of the Rig-veda the Sama-veda, the essence of
the Sama-veda the udgitha (which is Om).
That udgitha (Om) is the best of all essences, the
highest, deserving the highest place, the eighth.
What then is the Rik? What is the Saman? What
is the udgitha? This is the question.
The Rik indeed is speech, Saman is breath, the
udgitha is the syllable Om. Now speech and
breath, or Rik and Saman, form one couple.
And that couple is joined together in the syllable
Om. When two people come together, they fulfil
each other's desire.
Thus he who knowing this, meditates on the
syllable (Om), the udgitha, becomes indeed a fulfiller
of desires.
That syllable is a syllable of permission, for
whenever we permit anything, we say Om, yes. Now
permission is gratification. He who knowing this
meditates on the syllable (Om), the udgitha, becomes
indeed a gratifier of desires.
By that syllable does the threefold knowledge (the
sacrifice, more particularly the Soma-sacrifice,
as founded on the three Vedas) proceed. When the
Adhvaryu priest gives an order, he says Om. When
the Hotri priest recites, he says Om. When the Udgatri
priest sings, he says Om, all for the glory of
that syllable. The threefold knowledge (the sacrifice)
proceeds by the greatness of that syllable (the vital
breaths), and by its essence (the oblations).
Now therefore it would seem to follow, that both
he who knows this (the true meaning of the
syllable Om), and he who does not, perform the same
sacrifice. But this is not so, for knowledge and
ignorance are different. The sacrifice which a man
performs with knowledge, faith, and the Upanishad is
more powerful. This is the full account of the syllable Om.

When the Devas and Asuras struggled together,
both of the race of Pragapati, the Devas took the
udgitha (Om), thinking they would vanquish the Asuras
with it.
They meditated on the udgitha (Om) as the breath
(scent) in the nose, but the Asuras pierced it (the
breath) with evil. Therefore we smell by the breath in the
nose both what is good-smelling and what is
bad-smelling. For the breath was pierced by evil.
Then they meditated on the udgitha (Om) as
speech, but the Asuras pierced it with evil. Therefore
we speak both truth and falsehood. For speech is
pierced by evil.
Then they meditated on the udgitha (Om) as the
eye, but the Asuras pierced it with evil. Therefore
we see both what is sightly and unsightly. For the eye is
pierced by evil.
Then they meditated on the udgitha (Om) as the
ear, but the Asuras pierced it with evil. Therefore
we hear both what should be heard and what should not
be heard. For the ear is pierced by evil.
Then they meditated on the udgitha (Om) as the
mind, but the Asuras pierced it with evil.
Therefore we conceive both what should be conceived
and what should not be conceived. For the mind is
pierced by evil.
Then comes this breath (of life) in the mouth. They
meditated on the udgitha (Om) as that breath.
When the Asuras came to it, they were scattered, as (a
ball of earth) would be scattered when hitting a
solid stone.
Thus, as a ball of earth is scattered when hitting
on a solid stone, will he be scattered who wishes
evil to one who knows this, or who persecutes him; for he
is a solid stone.
By it (the breath in the mouth) he distinguishes
neither what is good nor what is bad-smelling, for
that breath is free from evil. What we eat and drink with it
supports the other vital breaths (i.e. the
senses, such as smell, &c.) When at the time of death he
does not find that breath (in the mouth, through
which he eats and drinks lives), then he departs. He
opens the mouth at the time of death (as if wishing to
eat).
Angiras meditated on the udgitha (Om) as that
breath, and people hold it to be Angiras, i.e. the
essence of the members (anganam rasah);
Therefore Brihaspati meditated on udgitha (Om)
as that breath, and people hold it to be
Brihaspati, for speech is brihati, and he (that breath) is
the lord (pati) of speech;
Therefore Ayasya meditated on the udgitha (Om)
as that breath, and people hold it to be Ayasya,
because it comes (ayati) from the mouth (asya);
Therefore Vaka Dalbhya knew it. He was the
Udgatri (singer) of the Naimishiya-sacrificers, and
by singing he obtained for them their wishes.
He who knows this, and meditates on the syllable
Om (the imperishable udgitha) as the breath of
life in the mouth, he obtains all wishes by singing. So
much for the udgitha (Om) as meditated on with
reference to the body.

Now follows the meditation on the udgitha with
reference to the gods. Let a man meditate on the
udgitha (Om) as he who sends warmth (the sun in the
sky). When the sun rises it sings as Udgatri for the
sake of all creatures. When it rises it destroys the fear of
darkness. He who knows this, is able to destroy
the fear of darkness (ignorance).
This (the breath in the mouth) and that (the sun)
are the same. This is hot and that is hot. This
they call svara (sound), and that they call pratyasvara
(reflected sound). Therefore let a man meditate on
the udgitha (Om) as this and that (as breath and as sun).
Then let a man meditate on the udgitha (Om) as
vyana indeed. If we breathe up, that is prana, the
up-breathing. If we breathe down, that is apana, the
down-breathing. The combination of prana and
apana is vyana, back-breathing or holding in of the
breath. This vyana is speech. Therefore when we
utter speech, we neither breathe up nor down.
Speech is Rik, and therefore when a man utters a
Rik verse he neither breathes up nor down.
Rik is Saman, and therefore when a man utters a
Saman verse he neither breathes up nor down.
Saman is udgitha, and therefore when a man sings (the
udgitha, Om) he neither breathes up nor down.
And other works also which require strength, such
as the production of fire by rubbing, running a
race, stringing a strong bow, are performed without
breathing up or down. Therefore let a man meditate
on the udgitha (Om) as vyana.
Let a man meditate on the syllables of the udgitha,
i.e. of the word udgitha. Ut is breath (prana),
for by means of breath a man rises (uttishthati). Gi is
speech, for speeches are called girah. Tha is food,
for by means of food all subsists (sthita).
Ut is heaven, gi the sky, tha the earth. Ut is the
sun, gi the air, tha the fire. Ut is the Sama-veda, gi
the Yagur-veda, tha the Rig-veda.
Speech yields the milk, which is the milk of speech itself,
to him who thus knowing meditates on those
syllables of the name of udgitha, he becomes rich in food
and able to eat food.
Next follows the fulfilment of prayers. Let a man
thus meditate on the Upasaranas, i.e. the objects
which have to be approached by meditation: Let him (the
Udgatri) quickly reflect on the Saman with
which he is going to praise;
Let him quickly reflect on the Rik in which that
Saman occurs; on the Rishi (poet) by whom it was
seen or composed; on the Devata (object) which he is
going to praise;
On the metre in which he is going to praise; on
the tune with which he is going to sing for
himself;
On the quarter of the world which he is going to
praise. Lastly, having approached himself (his
name, family, &c.) by meditation, let him sing the hymn of
praise, reflecting on his desire, and avoiding
all mistakes in pronunciation, &c. Quickly will the desire
be then fulfilled to him, for the sake of which he
may have offered his hymn of praise, yea, for which he
may have offered his hymn of praise.

Let a man meditate on the syllable Om, for the
udgitha is sung beginning with Om. And this is
the full account of the syllable Om:
The Devas, being afraid of death, entered upon
(the performance of the sacrifice prescribed in) the
threefold knowledge (the three Vedas). They covered
themselves with the metrical hymns. Because they
covered (khad) themselves with the hymns, therefore the
hymns are called khandas.
Then, as a fisherman might observe a fish in the
water, Death observed the Devas in the Rik,
Yagus, and Saman-(sacrifices). And the Devas seeing
this, rose from the Rik, Yagus, and Samansacrifices, and entered the Svara, i.e. the Om (they
meditated on the Om).
When a man has mastered the Rig-veda, he says
quite loud Om; the same, when he has mastered
the Saman and the Yagus. This Svara is the
imperishable (syllable), the immortal, free from fear.
Because the Devas entered it, therefore they became
immortal, and free from fear.
He who knowing this loudly pronounces (pranauti)
that syllable, enters the same (imperishable)
syllable, the Svara, the immortal, free from fear, and
having entered it, becomes immortal, as the Devas
are immortal.

The udgitha is the pranava, the pranava is the
udgitha. And as the udgitha is the sun, so is the
pranava, for he (the sun) goes sounding Om.
`Him I sang praises to, therefore art thou my only
one,' thus said Kaushitaki to his son. `Do thou
revolve his rays, then thou wilt have many sons.' So
much in reference to the Devas.
Now with reference to the body. Let a man
meditate on the udgitha as the breath (in the mouth),
for he goes sounding Om.
`Him I sang praises to, therefore art thou my only
son,' thus said Kaushitaki to his son. `Do thou
therefore sing praises to the breath as manifold, if thou
wishest to have many sons.'
He who knows that the udgitha is the pranava, and
the pranava the udgitha, rectifies from the seat
of the Hotri priest any mistake committed by the Udgatri
priest in performing the udgitha, yea, in
performing the udgitha.

The Rik (veda) is this earth, the Saman (veda) is
fire. This Saman (fire) rests on that Rik (earth).
Therefore the Saman is sung as resting on the Rik. Sa is
this earth, ama is fire, and that makes Sama.
The Rik is the sky, the Saman air. This Saman
(air) rests on that Rik (sky). Therefore the Saman
is sung as resting on the Rik. Sa is the sky, ama the air,
and that makes Sama.
Rik is heaven, Saman the sun. This Saman (sun)
rests on that Rik (heaven). Therefore the Saman
is sung as resting on the Rik. Sa is heaven, ama the sun,
and that makes Sama.
Rik is the stars, Saman the moon. This Saman
(moon) rests on that Rik (stars). Therefore the
Saman is sung as resting on the Rik. Sa is the stars, ama
the moon, and that makes Sama.
Rik is the white light of the sun, Saman the blue
exceeding darkness (in the sun). This Saman
(darkness) rests on that Rik (brightness). Therefore the
Saman is sung as resting on the Rik.
Sa is the white light of the sun, ama the blue
exceeding darkness, and that makes Sama.
Now that golden person, who is seen within the sun,
with golden beard and golden hair, golden
altogether to the very tips of his nails,
Whose eyes are like blue lotus's, his name is ut,
for he has risen (udita) above all evil. He also who
knows this, rises above all evil.
Rik and Saman are his joints, and therefore he is
udgitha. And therefore he who praises him (the
ut) is called the Ud-gatri (the out-singer). He (the golden
person, called ut) is lord of the worlds beyond
that (sun), and of all the wishes of the Devas (inhabiting
those worlds). So much with reference to the
Devas.

Now with reference to the body. Rik is speech,
Saman breath. This Saman (breath) rests on that
Rik (speech). Therefore the Saman is sung as resting on
the Rik. Sa is speech, ama is breath, and that
makes Sama.
Rik is the eye, Saman the self. This Saman
(shadow) rests on that Rik (eye). Therefore the Saman
is sung as resting on the Rik. Sa is the eye, ama the self,
and that makes Sama.
Rik is the ear, Saman the mind. This Saman
(mind) rests on that Rik (ear). Therefore the Saman
is sung as resting on the Rik. Sa is the ear, ama the
mind, and that makes Sama.
Rik is the white light of the eye, Saman the blue
exceeding darkness. This Saman (darkness) rests
on the Rik (brightness). Therefore the Saman is sung as
resting on the Rik. Sa is the white light of the
eye, ama the blue exceeding darkness, and that makes
Sama.
Now the person who is seen in the eye, he is Rik,
he is Saman, Uktha, Yagus, Brahman. The form
of that person (in the eye) is the same as the form of the
other person (in the sun), the joints of the one
(Rik and Saman) are the joints of the other, the name of
the one (ut) is the name of the other.
He is lord of the worlds beneath that (the self in
the eye), and of all the wishes of men. Therefore
all who sing to the vina (lyre), sing him, and from him also
they obtain wealth.
He who knowing this sings a Saman, sings to both
(the adhidaivata and adhyatma self, the person
in the sun and the person in the eye, as one and the
same person). He obtains through the one, yea, he
obtains the worlds beyond that, and the wishes of the
Devas;
And he obtains through the other the worlds
beneath that, and the wishes of men.
Therefore an Udgatri priest who knows this, may say (to
the sacrificer for whom he officiates);
`What wish shall I obtain for you by my songs?'
For he who knowing this sings a Saman is able to
obtain wishes through his song, yea, through his song.

There were once three men, well-versed in
udgitha, Silaka Salavatya, Kaikitayana Dalbhya, and
Pravahana Gaivali. They said: `We are well-versed in
udgitha. Let us have a discussion on udgitha.'
They all agreed and sat down. Then Pravahana
Gaivali said: `Sirs, do you both speak first, for I
wish to hear what two Brahmanas have to say.'
Then Silaka Salavatya said to Kaikitayana
Dalbhya: `Let me ask you.'
`Ask,' he replied.
`What is the origin of the Saman?' `Tone (svara),'
he replied.
`What is the origin of tone?' `Breath,' he replied.
`What is the origin of breath?' `Food,' he replied.
`What is the origin of food?' `Water,' he replied.
`What is the origin of water?' `That world
(heaven),' he replied.
`And what is the origin of that world?'
He replied: `Let no man carry the Saman beyond the
world of svarga (heaven). We place (recognise) the
Saman in the world of svarga, for the Saman is extolled
as svarga (heaven).'
Then said Silaka Salavatya to Kaikitayana
Dalbhya: `O Dalbhya, thy Saman is not firmly
established. And if any one were to say, Your head shall
fall off (if you be wrong), surely your head would
now fall.'
`Well then, let me know this from you, Sir,' said
Dalbhya.
`Know it,' replied Silaka Salavatya.
`What is the origin of that world (heaven)?' `This world,'
he replied.
`And what is the origin of this world?'
He replied: `Let no man carry the Saman beyond this
world as its rest. We place the Saman in this world
as its rest, for the Saman is extolled as rest.'
Then said Pravahana Gaivali to Silaka Salavatya:
`Your Saman (the earth), O Salavatya, has an
end. And if any one were to say, Your head shall fall off
(if you be wrong), surely your head would now
fall.'
`Well then, let me know this from you, Sir,' said
Salavatya.
`Know it,' replied Gaivali.

`What is the origin of this world?' `Ether,' he
replied. For all these beings take their rise from the
ether, and return into the ether. Ether is older than these,
ether is their rest.
He is indeed the udgitha (Om = Brahman), greater
than great (parovariyas), he is without end.
He who knowing this meditates on the udgitha, the
greater than great, obtains what is greater than great,
he conquers the worlds which are greater than great.
Atidhanvan Saunaka, having taught this udgitha to
Udara-sandilya, said: `As long as they will
know in your family this udgitha, their life in this world will
be greater than great.
`And thus also will be their state in the other world.'
He who thus knows the udgitha, and
meditates on it thus, his life in this world will be greater
than great, and also his state in the other world,
yea, in the other world.

When the Kurus had been destroyed by (hail)
stones, Ushasti Kakrayana lived as a beggar with
his virgin wife at Ibhyagrama.
Seeing a chief eating beans, he begged of him.
The chief said: `I have no more, except those
which are put away for me here.'
Ushasti said: `Give me to eat of them.' He gave
him the beans, and said: `There is something to
drink also.' Then said Ushasti: `If I drank of it, I should
have drunk what was left by another, and is
therefore unclean.'
The chief said: `Were not those beans also left
over and therefore unclean?'
`No,' he replied; `for I should not have lived, if I had not
eaten them, but the drinking of water would be
mere pleasure.'
Having eaten himself, Ushasti gave the
remaining beans to his wife. But she, having eaten
before, took them and put them away.
Rising the next morning, Ushasti said to her:
`Alas, if we could only get some food, we might
gain a little wealth. The king here is going to offer a
sacrifice, he should choose me for all the priestly
offices.'
His wife said to him: `Look, here are those beans
of yours.' Having eaten them, he went to the
sacrifice which was being performed.
He went and sat down on the orchestra near the
Udgatris, who were going to sing their hymns of
praise. And he said to the Prastotri (the leader):
`Prastotri, if you, without knowing the deity which
belongs to the prastava (the hymns &c. of the
Prastotri), are going to sing it, your head will fall off.'
In the same manner he addressed the Udgatri:
`Udgatri, if you, without knowing the deity which
belongs to the udgitha (the hymns of the Udgatri), are
going to sing it, your head will fall off.'
In the same manner he addressed the
Pratihartri: `Pratihartri, if you, without knowing the deity
which belongs to the pratihara (the hymns of the
Pratihartri), are going to sing it, your head will fall off.'
They stopped, and sat down in silence.

Then the sacrificer said to him: `I should like to
know who you are, Sir.' He replied: `I am
Ushasti Kakrayana.'
He said: `I looked for you, Sir, for all these
sacrificial offices, but not finding you, I chose others.'
`But now, Sir, take all the sacrificial offices.'
Ushasti said: `Very well; but let those, with my
permission, perform the hymns of praise. Only as much
wealth as you give to them, so much give to me also.'
The sacrificer assented.
Then the Prastotri approached him, saying: `Sir,
you said to me, "Prastotri, if you, without
knowing the deity which belongs to the prastava, are
going to sing it, your head will fall off," which
then is that deity?'
He said: `Breath (prana). For all these beings
merge into breath alone, and from breath they
arise. This is the deity belonging to the prastava. If,
without knowing that deity, you had sung forth your
hymns, your head would have fallen off, after you had
been warned by me.'
Then the Udgatri approached him, saying: `Sir,
you said to me, "Udgatri, if you, without knowing
the deity which belongs to the udgitha, are going to sing
it, your head will fall off," which then is that
deity?'
He said: `The sun (Aditya). For all these beings
praise the sun when it stands on high. This is
the deity belonging to the udgitha. If, without knowing
that deity, you had sung out your hymns, your
head would have fallen off, after you had been warned by
me.'
Then the Pratihartri approached him, saying: `Sir,
you said to me, "Pratihartri, if you, without
knowing the deity belonging to the pratihara, are going to
sing it, your head will fall off," which then
is that deity?'
He said: `Food (anna). For all these beings live
when they partake of food. This is the deity
belonging to the pratihara. If, without knowing that deity,
you had sung your hymns, your head would
have fallen off, after you had been warned by me.'

Now follows the udgitha of the dogs. Vaka
Dalbhya, or, as he was also called, Glava Maitreya,
went out to repeat the Veda (in a quiet place).
A white (dog) appeared before him, and other
dogs gathering round him, said to him: `Sir, sing
and get us food, we are hungry.'
The white dog said to them: `Come to me tomorrow morning.' Vaka Dalbhya, or, as he was also
called, Glava Maitreya, watched.
The dogs came on, holding together, each dog
keeping the tail of the preceding dog in his mouth,
as the priests do when they are going to sing praises with
the Vahishpavamana hymn. After they had
settled down, they began to say Hin.
`Om, let us eat! Om, let us drink! Om, may the
divine Varuna, Pragapati, Savitri bring us food!
Lord of food, bring hither food, bring it, Om!'

The syllable Hau is this world (the earth), the
syllable Hai the air, the syllable Atha the moon, the
syllable Iha the self, the syllable I is Agni, fire.
The syllable U is the sun, the syllable E is the
Nihava or invocation, the syllable Auhoi is the
Visve Devas, the syllable Hin is Pragapati, Svara (tone) is
breath (prana), the syllable Ya is food, the
syllable Vag is Virag.
The thirteenth stobha syllable, viz. the indistinct
syllable Hun, is the Undefinable (the Highest
Brahman).
Speech yields the milk, which is the milk of
speech itself to him who knows this Upanishad
(secret doctrine) of the Samans in this wise. He becomes
rich in food, and able to eat food, yea, able to
eat food.
Second Prapathaka

Meditation on the whole of the Saman is good, and
people, when anything is good, say it is Saman;
when it is not good, it is not Saman.
Thus they also say, he approached him with
Saman, i.e. becomingly; and he approached him
without Saman, i.e. unbecomingly.
And they also say, truly this is Saman for us, i.e. it
is good for us, when it is good; and truly that is
not Saman for us, i.e. it is not good for us, when it is not
good.
If any one knowing this meditates on the Saman
as good, depend upon it all good qualities will
approach quickly, aye, they will become his own.

Let a man meditate on the fivefold Saman as the
five worlds. The hinkara is the earth, the
prastava the fire, the udgitha the sky, the pratihara the
sun, the nidhana heaven; so in an ascending line.
In a descending line, the hinkara is heaven, the
prastava the sun, the udgitha the sky, the pratihara
the fire, the nidhana the earth.
The worlds in an ascending and in a descending
line belong to him who knowing this meditates on
the fivefold Saman as the worlds.

Let a man meditate on the fivefold Saman as rain.
The hinkara is wind (that brings the rain); the
prastava is, `the cloud is come;' the udgitha is, `it rains;'
the pratihara, `it flashes, it thunders;'
The nidhana is, `it stops.' There is rain for him,
and he brings rain for others who thus knowing
meditates on the fivefold Saman as rain.

Let a man meditate on the fivefold Saman in all
waters. When the clouds gather, that is the
hinkara; when it rains, that is the prastava; that which
flows in the east, that is the udgitha; that which
flows in the west, that is the pratihara; the sea is the
nidhana.
He does not die in water, nay, he is rich in water
who knowing this meditates on the fivefold
Saman as all waters.

Let a man meditate on the fivefold Saman as the
seasons. The hinkara is spring, the prastava
summer (harvest of yava, &c.), the udgitha the rainy
season, the pratihara autumn, the nidhana winter.
The seasons belong to him, nay, he is always in
season (successful) who knowing this meditates on
the fivefold Saman as the seasons.

Let a man meditate on the fivefold Saman in
animals. The hinkara is goats, the prastava sheep,
the udgitha cows, the pratihara horses, the nidhana man.
Animals belong to him, nay, he is rich in animals
who knowing this meditates on the fivefold
Saman as animals.

Let a man meditate on the fivefold Saman, which
is greater than great, as the pranas (senses). The
hinkara is smell (nose), the prastava speech (tongue), the
udgitha sight (eye), the pratihara hearing (ear),
the nidhana mind. These are one greater than the other.
What is greater than great belongs to him, nay, he
conquers the worlds which are greater than
great, who knowing this meditates on the fivefold Saman,
which is greater than great, as the pranas
(senses).

Next for the sevenfold Saman. Let a man
meditate on the sevenfold Saman in speech. Whenever
there is in speech the syllable hun, that is hinkara, pra is
the prastava, a is the adi, the first, i.e. Om,
Ud is the udgitha, pra the pratihara, upa the
upadrava, ni the nidhana.
Speech yields the milk, which is the milk of speech
itself, to him who knowing this meditates on
the sevenfold Saman in speech. He becomes rich in
food, and able to eat food.

Let a man meditate on the sevenfold Saman as
the sun. The sun is Saman, because he is always
the same (sama); he is Saman because he is the same,
everybody thinking he looks towards me, he looks
towards me.
Let him know that all beings are dependent on him
(the sun). What he is before his rising, that is
the hinkara. On it animals are dependent. Therefore
animals say hin (before sunrise), for they share the
hinkara of that Saman (the sun).
What he is when first risen, that is the prastava.
On it men are dependent. Therefore men love
praise (prastuti) and celebrity, for they share the prastava
of that Saman.
What he is at the time of the sangava, that is the
adi, the first, the Om. On it birds are dependent.
Therefore birds fly about in the sky without support,
holding themselves, for they share the adi (the Om)
of that Saman.
What he is just at noon, that is the udgitha. On it
the Devas are dependent (because they are
brilliant). Therefore they are the best of all the
descendants of Pragapati, for they share the udgitha of
that
Saman.
What he is after midday and before afternoon, that
is the pratihara. On it all germs are dependent.
Therefore these, having been conceived (pratihrita), do
not fall, for they share the pratihara of that Saman.
What he is after the afternoon and before sunset,
that is the upadrava. On it the animals of the
forest are dependent. Therefore, when they see a man,
they run (upadravanti) to the forest as a safe
hiding-place, for they share the upadrava of that Saman.
What he is when he first sets, that is the nidhana.
On it the fathers are dependent. Therefore they
put them down (nidadhati), for they share the nidhana of
that Saman. Thus a man meditates on the
sevenfold Saman as the sun.

Next let a man meditate on the sevenfold Saman
which is uniform in itself and leads beyond
death. The word hinkara has three syllables, the word
prastava has three syllables: that is equal (sama).
The word adi (first, Om) has two syllables, the
word pratihara has four syllables. Taking one
syllable from that over, that is equal (sama).
The word udgitha has three syllables, the word
upadrava has four syllables. With three and three
syllables it should be equal. One syllable being left over,
it becomes trisyllabic. Hence it is equal.
The word nidhana has three syllables, therefore it
is equal. These make twenty-two syllables.
With twenty-one syllables a man reaches the sun
(and death), for the sun is the twenty-first from
here; with the twenty-second he conquers what is beyond
the sun: that is blessedness, that is freedom from
grief.
He obtains here the victory over the sun (death),
and there is a higher victory than the victory
over the sun for him, who knowing this meditates on the
sevenfold Saman as uniform in itself, which
leads beyond death, yea, which leads beyond death.

The hinkara is mind, the prastava speech, the
udgitha sight, the pratihara hearing, the nidhana
breath. That is the Gayatra Saman, as interwoven in the
(five) pranas.
He who thus knows this Gayatra interwoven in
the pranas, keeps his senses, reaches the full life,
he lives long, becomes great with children and cattle,
great by fame. The rule of him who thus meditates
on the Gayatra is, `Be not high-minded.'

The hinkara is, he rubs (the fire-stick); the
prastava, smoke rises; the udgitha, it burns; the
pratihara, there are glowing coals; the nidhana, it goes
down; the nidhana, it is gone out. This is the
Rathantara Saman as interwoven in fire.
He who thus knows this Rathantara interwoven in
fire, becomes radiant and strong. He reaches
the full life, he lives long, becomes great with children and
cattle, great by fame. The rule is, `Do not
rinse the mouth or spit before the fire.'

Next follows the Vamadevya as interwoven in
generation.

Rising, the sun is the hinkara, risen, he is the
prastava, at noon he is the udgitha, in the afternoon
he is the pratihara, setting, he is the nidhana. That is the
Brihat Saman as interwoven in the sun.
He who thus knows the Brihat as interwoven in
the sun, becomes refulgent and strong, he reaches
the full life, he lives long, becomes great with children and
cattle, great by fame. His rule is, `Never
complain of the heat of the sun.'

The mists gather, that is the hinkara; the cloud
has risen, that is the prastava; it rains, that is the
udgitha; it flashes and thunders, that is the pratihara; it
stops, that is the nidhana. That is the Vairupa
Saman, as interwoven in Parganya, the god of rain.
He who thus knows the Vairupa as interwoven in
Parganya, obtains all kinds of cattle (virupa), he
reaches the full life, he lives long, becomes great with
children and cattle, great by fame. His rule is,
`Never complain of the rain.'

The hinkara is spring, the prastava summer, the
udgitha the rainy season, the pratihara autumn,
the nidhana winter. That is the Vairaga Saman, as
interwoven in the seasons.
He who thus knows the Vairaga, as interwoven in
the seasons, shines (viragati) through children,
cattle, and glory of countenance. He reaches the full life,
he lives long, becomes great with children and
cattle, great by fame. His rule is, `Never complain of the
seasons.'

The hinkara is the earth, the prastava the sky, the
udgitha heaven, the pratihara the regions, the
nidhana the sea. These are the Sakvari Samans, as
interwoven in the worlds.
He who thus knows the Sakvaris, as interwoven
in the worlds, becomes possessed of the worlds,
he reaches the full life, he lives long, becomes great with
children and cattle, great by fame. His rule is,
`Never complain of the worlds.'

The hinkara is goats, the prastava sheep, the
udgitha cows, the pratihara horses, the nidhana
man. These are the Revati Samans, as interwoven in
animals.
He who thus knows these Revatis, as interwoven
in animals, becomes rich in animals, he reaches
the full life, he lives long, becomes great with children and
cattle, great by fame. His rule is, `Never
complain of animals.'

The hinkara is hair, the prastava skin, the udgitha
flesh, the pratihara bone, the nidhana marrow.
That is the Yagnayagniya Saman, as interwoven in the
members of the body.
He who thus knows the Yagnayagniya, as
interwoven in the members of the body, becomes
possessed of strong limbs, he is not crippled in any limb,
he reaches the full life, he lives long, becomes
great with children and cattle, great by fame. His rule is,
`Do not eat marrow for a year,' or `Do not eat
marrow at all.'

The hinkara is fire, the prastava air, the udgitha
the sun, the pratihara the stars, the nidhana the
moon. That is the Ragana Saman, as interwoven in the
deities.
He who thus knows the Ragana, as interwoven in
the deities, obtains the same world, the same
happiness, the same company as the gods, he reaches
the full life, he lives long, becomes great with
children and cattle, great by fame. His rule is, `Do not
speak evil of the Brahmanas.'

The hinkara is the threefold knowledge, the
prastava these three worlds, the udgitha Agni (fire),
Vayu (air), and Aditya (sun), the pratihara the stars, the
birds, and the rays, the nidhana the serpents,
Gandharvas, and fathers. That is the Saman, as
interwoven in everything.
He who thus knows this Saman, as interwoven in
everything, he becomes everything.
And thus it is said in the following verse: `There
are the fivefold three (the three kinds of
sacrificial knowledge, the three worlds &c. in their fivefold
form, i.e. as identified with the hinkara, the
prastava, &c.), and the other forms of the Saman.
Greater than these there is nothing else besides.'
He who knows this, knows everything. All
regions offer him gifts. His rule is, `Let him meditate
(on the Saman), knowing that he is everything, yea, that
he is everything.'

The udgitha, of which a poet said, I choose the
deep sounding note of the Saman as good for
cattle, belongs to Agni; the indefinite note belongs to
Pragapati, the definite note to Soma, the soft and
smooth note to Vayu, the smooth and strong note to
Indra, the heron-like note to Brihaspati, the dull note
to Varuna. Let a man cultivate all of these, avoiding,
however, that of Varuna.
Let a man sing, wishing to obtain by his song
immortality for the Devas. `May I obtain by my
song oblations (svadha) for the fathers, hope for men,
fodder and water for animals, heaven for the
sacrificer, food for myself,' thus reflecting on these in his
mind, let a man (Udgatri priest) sing praises,
without making mistakes in pronunciation, &c.
All vowels (svara) belong to Indra, all sibilants
(ushman) to Pragapati, all consonants (sparsa) to
Mrityu (death). If somebody should reprove him for his
vowels, let him say, `I went to Indra as my refuge
(when pronouncing my vowels): he will answer thee.'
And if somebody should reprove him for his
sibilants, let him say, `I went to Pragapati as my
refuge: he will smash thee.' And if somebody should
reprove him for his consonants, let him say, `I went
to Mrityu as my refuge: he will reduce thee to ashes.'
All vowels are to be pronounced with voice
(ghosha) and strength (bala), so that the Udgatri may
give strength to Indra. All sibilants are to be pronounced,
neither as if swallowed (agrasta), nor as if
thrown out (nirasta), but well opened (vivrita), so that the
Udgatri may give himself to Pragapati. All
consonants are to be pronounced slowly, and without
crowding them together, so that the Udgatri may
withdraw himself from Mrityu.

There are three branches of the law. Sacrifice,
study, and charity are the first,
Austerity the second, and to dwell as a
Brahmakarin in the house of a tutor, always mortifying the
body in the house of a tutor, is the third. All these obtain
the worlds of the blessed; but the
Brahmasamstha alone (he who is firmly grounded in
Brahman) obtains immortality.
Pragapati brooded on the worlds. From them,
thus brooded on, the threefold knowledge
(sacrifice) issued forth. He brooded on it, and from it,
thus brooded on, issued the three syllables, Bhuh,
Bhuvah, Svah.
He brooded on them, and from them, thus
brooded on, issued the Om. As all leaves are attached
to a stalk, so is all speech (all words) attached to the Om
(Brahman). Om is all this, yea, Om is all this.

The teachers of Brahman (Veda) declare, as the
Pratah-savana (morning-oblation) belongs to the
Vasus, the Madhyandina-savana (noon-libation) to the
Rudras, the third Savana (evening-libation) to the
Adityas and the Visve Devas,
Where then is the world of the sacrificer? He
who does not know this, how can he perform the
sacrifice? He only who knows, should perform it.
Before the beginning of the Prataranuvaka
(matin-chant), the sacrificer, sitting down behind the
household altar (garhapatya), and looking towards the
north, sings the Saman, addressed to the Vasus:
`Open the door of the world (the earth), let us see
thee, that we may rule (on earth).'
Then he sacrifices, saying: `Adoration to Agni,
who dwells on the earth, who dwells in the world!
Obtain that world for me, the sacrificer! That is the world
for the sacrificer!'
`I (the sacrificer) shall go thither, when this life is
over. Take this! (he says, in offering the
libation.) Cast back the bolt!' Having said this, he rises.
For him the Vasus fulfil the morning-oblation.
Before the beginning of the Madhyandinasavana, the noon-oblation, the sacrificer, sitting down
behind the Agnidhriya altar, and looking towards the
north, sings the Saman, addressed to the Rudras:
`Open the door of the world (the sky), let us see
thee, that we may rule wide (in the sky).'
Then he sacrifices, saying: `Adoration to Vayu
(air), who dwells in the sky, who dwells in the
world. Obtain that world for me, the sacrificer! That is the
world for the sacrificer!'
`I (the sacrificer) shall go thither, when this life is
over. Take this! Cast back the bolt!' Having
said this, he rises. For him the Rudras fulfil the noonoblation.
Before the beginning of the third oblation, the
sacrificer, sitting down behind the Ahavaniya
altar, and looking towards the north, sings the Saman,
addressed to the Adityas and Visve Devas:
`Open the door of the world (the heaven), let us
see thee, that we may rule supreme (in heaven).'
This is addressed to the Adityas.
Next the Saman addressed to the Visve Devas:
`Open the door of the world (heaven), let us see
thee, that we may rule supreme (in heaven).'
Then he sacrifices, saying: `Adoration to the
Adityas and to the Visve Devas, who dwell in
heaven, who dwell in the world. Obtain that world for me,
the sacrificer!'
`That is the world for the sacrificer! I (the
sacrificer) shall go thither, when this life is over.
Take this! Cast back the bolt!' Having said this, he rises.
For him the Adityas and the Visve Devas fulfil
the third oblation. He who knows this, knows
the full measure of the sacrifice, yea, he knows it.
Third Prapathaka

The sun is indeed the honey of the Devas. The
heaven is the cross-beam (from which) the sky
(hangs as) a hive, and the bright vapours are the eggs of
the bees.
The eastern rays of the sun are the honey-cells in
front. The Rik verses are the bees, the Rig-veda
(sacrifice) is the flower, the water (of the sacrificial
libations) is the nectar (of the flower).
Those very Rik verses then (as bees) brooded
over the Rig-veda sacrifice (the flower); and from it,
thus brooded on, sprang as its (nectar) essence, fame,
glory of countenance, vigour, strength, and health.
That (essence) flowed forth and went towards the
sun. And that forms what we call the red
(rohita) light of the rising sun.

The southern rays of the sun are the honey-cells
on the right. The Yagus verses are the bees, the
Yagur-veda sacrifice is the flower, the water (of the
sacrificial libations) is the nectar (of the flower).
Those very Yagus verses (as bees) brooded over
the Yagur-veda sacrifice (the flower); and from it,
thus brooded on, sprang as its (nectar) essence, fame,
glory of countenance, vigour, strength, and health.
That flowed forth and went towards the sun. And
that forms what we call the white (sukla) light
of the sun.

The western rays of the sun are the honey-cells
behind. The Saman verses are the bees, the Samaveda sacrifice is the flower, the water is the nectar.
Those very Saman verses (as bees) brooded over
the Sama-veda sacrifice; and from it, thus brooded
on, sprang as its (nectar) essence, fame, glory of
countenance, vigour, strength, and health.
That flowed forth and went towards the sun. And
that forms what we call the dark (krishna) light
of the sun.

The northern rays of the sun are the honey-cells
on the left. The (hymns of the) Atharvangiras are
the bees, the Itihasa-purana (the reading of the old
stories) is the flower, the water is the nectar.
Those very hymns of the Atharvangiras (as bees)
brooded over the Itihasa-purana; and from it,
thus brooded on, sprang as its (nectar) essence, fame,
glory of countenance, vigour, strength, and health.
That flowed forth, and went towards the sun. And
that forms what we call the extreme dark (parah
krishnam) light of the sun.

The upward rays of the sun are the honey-cells
above. The secret doctrines are the bees, Brahman
(the Om) is the flower, the water is the nectar.
Those secret doctrines (as bees) brooded over
Brahman (the Om); and from it, thus brooded on,
sprang as its (nectar) essence, fame, glory of
countenance, brightness, vigour, strength, and health.
That flowed forth, and went towards the sun. And
that forms what seems to stir in the centre of
the sun.
These (the different colours in the sun) are the
essences of the essences. For the Vedas are
essences (the best things in the world); and of them (after
they have assumed the form of sacrifice) these
(the colours rising to the sun) are again the essences.
They are the nectar of the nectar. For the Vedas are
nectar (immortal), and of them these are the nectar.

On the first of these nectars (the red light, which
represents fame, glory of countenance, vigour,
strength, health) the Vasus live, with Agni at their head.
True, the Devas do not eat or drink, but they
enjoy by seeing the nectar.
They enter into that (red) colour, and they rise from
that colour.
He who thus knows this nectar, becomes one of
the Vasus, with Agni at their head, he sees the
nectar and rejoices. And he, too, having entered that
colour, rises again from that colour.
So long as the sun rises in the east and sets in the
west, so long does he follow the sovereign
supremacy of the Vasus.

On the second of these nectars the Rudras live,
with Indra at their head. True, the Devas do not
eat or drink, but they enjoy by seeing the nectar.
They enter into that white colour, and they rise
from that colour.
He who thus knows this nectar, becomes one of
the Rudras, with Indra at their head, he sees the
nectar and rejoices. And he, having entered that colour,
rises again from that colour.
So long as the sun rises in the east and sets in the
west, twice as long does it rise in the south and
set in the north; and so long does he follow the sovereign
supremacy of the Rudras.

On the third of these nectars the Adityas live, with
Varuna at their head. True, the Devas do not
eat or drink, but they enjoy by seeing the nectar.
They enter into that (dark) colour, and they rise
from that colour.
He who thus knows this nectar, becomes one of
the Adityas, with Varuna at their head, he sees the
nectar and rejoices. And he, having entered that colour,
rises again from that colour.
So long as the sun rises in the south and sets in
the north, twice as long does it rise in the west and
set in the east; and so long does he follow the sovereign
supremacy of the Adityas.

On the fourth of these nectars the Maruts live, with
Soma at their head. True, the Devas do not eat
or drink, but they enjoy by seeing the nectar.
They enter in that (very dark) colour, and they rise
from that colour.
He who thus knows this nectar, becomes one of
the Maruts, with Soma at their head, he sees the
nectar and rejoices. And he, having entered that colour,
rises again from that colour.
So long as the sun rises in the west and sets in the
east, twice as long does it rise in the north and
set in the south; and so long does he follow the sovereign
supremacy of the Maruts.

On the fifth of these nectars the Sadhyas live,
with Brahman at their head. True, the Devas do
not eat or drink, but they enjoy by seeing the nectar.
They enter into that colour, and they rise from
that colour.
He who thus knows this nectar, becomes one of
the Sadhyas, with Brahman at their head; he sees
the nectar and rejoices. And he, having entered that
colour, rises again from that colour.
So long as the sun rises in the north and sets in
the south, twice as long does it rise above, and set
below; and so long does he follow the sovereign power of
the Sadhyas.

When from thence he has risen upwards, he
neither rises nor sets. He is alone, standing in the
centre. And on this there is this verse:
`Yonder he neither rises nor sets at any time. If
this is not true, ye gods, may I lose Brahman.'
And indeed to him who thus knows this Brahmaupanishad (the secret doctrine of the Veda) the
sun does not rise and does not set. For him there is day,
once and for all.
This doctrine (beginning with 3, 1, 1) Brahman
(m. Hiranyagarbha) told to Pragapati (Virag),
Pragapati to Manu, Manu to his offspring (Ikshvaku, &c.)
And the father told that (doctrine of) Brahman
(n.) to Uddalaka Aruni.
A father may therefore tell that doctrine of
Brahman to his eldest son, or to a worthy pupil.
But no one should tell it to anybody else, even if he gave
him the whole sea-girt earth, full of treasure, for
this doctrine is worth more than that, yea, it is worth more.

The Gayatri (verse) is everything whatsoever
here exists. Gayatri indeed is speech, for speech
sings forth (gaya-ti) and protects (traya-te) everything that
here exists.
That Gayatri is also the earth, for everything that
here exists rests on the earth, and does not go
beyond.
That earth again is the body in man, for in it the
vital airs (pranas, which are everything) rest,
and do not go beyond.
That body again in man is the heart within man,
for in it the pranas (which are everything) rest,
and do not go beyond.
That Gayatri has four feet and is sixfold. And this
is also declared by a Rik verse (Rig-veda X,
`Such is the greatness of it (of Brahman, under
the disguise of Gayatri); greater than it is the
Person (purusha). His feet are all things. The immortal
with three feet is in heaven (i.e. in himself).'
The Brahman which has been thus described (as
immortal with three feet in heaven, and as
Gayatri) is the same as the ether which is around us;
And the ether which is around us, is the same as
the ether which is within us. And the ether
which is within us,
That is the ether within the heart. That ether in
the heart (as Brahman) is omnipresent and
unchanging. He who knows this obtains omnipresent and
unchangeable happiness.

For that heart there are five gates belonging to
the Devas (the senses). The eastern gate is the
Prana (up-breathing), that is the eye, that is Aditya (the
sun). Let a man meditate on that as brightness
(glory of countenance) and health. He who knows this,
becomes bright and healthy.
The southern gate is the Vyana (back-breathing),
that is the ear, that is the moon. Let a man
meditate on that as happiness and fame. He who knows
this, becomes happy and famous.
The western gate is the Apana (down-breathing),
that is speech, that is Agni (fire). Let a man
meditate on that as glory of countenance and health. He
who knows this, becomes glorious and healthy.
The northern gate is the Samana (on-breathing),
that is mind, that is Parganya (rain). Let a man
meditate on that as celebrity and beauty. He who knows
this, becomes celebrated and beautiful.
The upper gate is the Udana (out-breathing), that
is air, that is ether. Let a man meditate on that
as strength and greatness. He who knows this, becomes
strong and great.
These are the five men of Brahman, the doorkeepers of the Svarga (heaven) world. He who
knows these five men of Brahman, the door-keepers of
the Svarga world, in his family a strong son is
born. He who thus knows these five men of Brahman, as
the door-keepers of the Svarga world, enters
himself the Svarga world.
Now that light which shines above this heaven,
higher than all, higher than everything, in the
highest world, beyond which there are no other worlds,
that is the same light which is within man. And
of this we have this visible proof:
Namely, when we thus perceive by touch the
warmth here in the body. And of it we have this
audible proof: Namely, when we thus, after stopping our
ears, listen to what is like the rolling of a
carriage, or the bellowing of an ox, or the sound of a
burning fire (within the ears). Let a man meditate
on this as the (Brahman) which is seen and heard. He
who knows this, becomes conspicuous and
celebrated, yea, he becomes celebrated.

All this is Brahman (n.) Let a man meditate on
that (visible world) as beginning, ending, and
breathing in it (the Brahman).
Now man is a creature of will. According to what his will
is in this world, so will he be when he has
departed this life. Let him therefore have this will and
belief:
The intelligent, whose body is spirit, whose form
is light, whose thoughts are true, whose nature
is like ether (omnipresent and invisible), from whom all
works, all desires, all sweet odours and tastes
proceed; he who embraces all this, who never speaks,
and is never surprised,
He is my self within the heart, smaller than a corn
of rice, smaller than a corn of barley, smaller
than a mustard seed, smaller than a canary seed or the
kernel of a canary seed. He also is my self within
the heart, greater than the earth, greater than the sky,
greater than heaven, greater than all these worlds.
He from whom all works, all desires, all sweet
odours and tastes proceed, who embraces all this,
who never speaks and who is never surprised, he, my
self within the heart, is that Brahman (n.) When I
shall have departed from hence, I shall obtain him (that
Self). He who has this faith has no doubt; thus
said Sandilya, yea, thus he said.

The chest which has the sky for its circumference
and the earth for its bottom, does not decay, for
the quarters are its sides, and heaven its lid above. That
chest is a treasury, and all things are within it.
Its eastern quarter is called Guhu, its southern
Sahamana, its western Ragni, its northern
Subhuta. The child of those quarters is Vayu, the air, and
he who knows that the air is indeed the child of
the quarters, never weeps for his sons. `I know the wind
to be the child of the quarters, may I never weep
for my sons.'
`I turn to the imperishable chest with such and
such and such.'
`I turn to the Prana (life) with such and such and such.'
`I turn to Bhuh with such and such and such.'
`I turn to Bhuvah with such and such and such.'
`I turn to Svah with such and such and such.'
`When I said, I turn to Pran, then Pran means all
whatever exists here to that I turn.'
`When I said, I turn to Bhuh, what I said is, I turn
to the earth, the sky, and heaven.'
`When I said, I turn to Bhuvah, what I said is, I
turn to Agni (fire), Vayu (air), Aditya (sun).'
`When I said, I turn to Svah, what I said is, I turn
to the Rig-veda, Yagur-veda, and Sama-veda.
That is what I said, yea, that is what I said.'

Man is sacrifice. His (first) twenty-four years are
the morning-libation. The Gayatri has twentyfour syllables, the morning-libation is offered with Gayatri
hymns. The Vasus are connected with that
part of the sacrifice. The Pranas (the five senses) are the
Vasus, for they make all this to abide
(vasayanti).
If anything ails him in that (early) age, let him say:
`Ye Pranas, ye Vasus, extend this my
morning-libation unto the midday-libation, that I, the
sacrificer, may not perish in the midst of the Pranas
or Vasus.' Thus he recovers from his illness, and
becomes whole.
The next forty-four years are the midday-libation.
The Trishtubh has forty-four syllables, the
midday-libation is offered with Trishtubh hymns. The
Rudras are connected with that part of it. The
Pranas are the Rudras, for they make all this to cry
(rodayanti).
If anything ails him in that (second) age, let him
say: `Ye Pranas, ye Rudras, extend this my
midday-libation unto the third libation, that I, the sacrificer,
may not perish in the midst of the Pranas or
Rudras.' Thus he recovers from his illness, and becomes
whole.
The next forty-eight years are the third libation.
The Gagati has forty-eight syllables, the third
libation is offered with Gagati hymns. The Adityas are
connected with that part of it. The Pranas are the
Adityas, for they take up all this (adadate).
If anything ails him in that (third) age, let him say:
`Ye Pranas, ye Adityas, extend this my third
libation unto the full age, that I, the sacrificer, may not
perish in the midst of the Pranas or Adityas.' Thus
he recovers from his illness, and becomes whole.
Mahidasa Aitareya (the son of Itara), who knew
this, said (addressing a disease): `Why dost thou
afflict me, as I shall not die by it?' He lived a hundred and
sixteen years (i.e. 24 + 44 + 48). He, too, who
knows this lives on to a hundred and sixteen years.

When a man (who is the sacrificer) hungers,
thirsts, and abstains from pleasures, that is the
Diksha (initiatory rite).
When a man eats, drinks, and enjoys pleasures,
he does it with the Upasadas (the sacrificial days
on which the sacrificer is allowed to partake of food).
When a man laughs, eats, and delights himself,
he does it with the Stuta-sastras (hymns sung and
recited at the sacrifices).
Penance, liberality, righteousness, kindness,
truthfulness, these form his Dakshinas (gifts
bestowed on priests, &c.)
Therefore when they say, `There will be a birth,'
and `there has been a birth' (words used at the
Soma-sacrifice, and really meaning, `He will pour out the
Soma-juice,' and `he has poured out the Somajuice'), that is his new birth. His death is the Avabhritha
ceremony (when the sacrificial vessels are
carried away to be cleansed).
Ghora Angirasa, after having communicated this
(view of the sacrifice) to Krishna, the son of
Devaki and he never thirsted again (after other
knowledge) said: `Let a man, when his end
approaches, take refuge with this Triad:
"Thou art the imperishable,"
"Thou art the unchangeable,"
"Thou art the edge of Prana."'
On this subject there are two Rik verses (Rig-veda VIII, 6,
`Then they see (within themselves) the everpresent light of the old seed (of the world, the Sat),
the highest, which is lighted in the brilliant (Brahman).'
Rig-veda 1, 50, 10:
`Perceiving above the darkness (of ignorance) the
higher light (in the sun), as the higher light within the
heart, the bright source (of light and life) among the gods,
we have reached the highest light, yea, the
highest light.'

Let a man meditate on mind as Brahman (n.), this
is said with reference to the body. Let a man
meditate on the ether as Brahman (n.), this is said with
reference to the Devas. Thus both the meditation
which has reference to the body, and the meditation
which has reference to the Devas, has been taught.
That Brahman (mind) has four feet (quarters).
Speech is one foot, breath is one foot, the eye is
one foot, the ear is one foot so much with reference to
the body. Then with reference to the gods, Agni
(fire) is one foot, Vayu (air) is one foot, Aditya (sun) is one
foot, the quarters are one foot. Thus both the
worship which has reference to the body, and the worship
which has reference to the Devas, has been
taught.
Speech is indeed the fourth foot of Brahman.
That foot shines with Agni (fire) as its light, and
warms. He who knows this, shines and warms through
his celebrity, fame, and glory of countenance.
Breath is indeed the fourth foot of Brahman. That
foot shines with Vayu (air) as its light, and
warms. He who knows this, shines and warms through
his celebrity, fame, and glory of countenance.
The eye is indeed the fourth foot of Brahman.
That foot shines with Aditya (sun) as its light, and
warms. He who knows this, shines and warms through
his celebrity, fame, and glory of countenance.
The ear is indeed the fourth foot of Brahman.
That foot shines with the quarters as its light, and
warms. He who knows this, shines and warms through
his celebrity, fame, and glory of countenance.

Aditya (the sun) is Brahman, this is the doctrine,
and this is the fuller account of it:
In the beginning this was non-existent. It became
existent, it grew. It turned into an egg. The egg lay for
the time of a year. The egg broke open. The two halves
were one of silver, the other of gold.
The silver one became this earth, the golden one
the sky, the thick membrane (of the white) the
mountains, the thin membrane (of the yoke) the mist with
the clouds, the small veins the rivers, the fluid
the sea.
And what was born from it that was Aditya, the
sun. When he was born shouts of hurrah arose,
and all beings arose, and all things which they desired.
Therefore whenever the sun rises and sets, shouts
of hurrah arise, and all beings arise, and all things which
they desire.
If any one knowing this meditates on the sun as
Brahman, pleasant shouts will approach him and
will continue, yea, they will continue.
Fourth Prapathaka

There lived once upon a time Ganasruti
Pautrayana (the great-grandson of Ganasruta), who was
a
pious giver, bestowing much wealth upon the people, and
always keeping open house. He built places of
refuge everywhere, wishing that people should
everywhere eat of his food.
Once in the night some Hamsas (flamingoes) flew
over his house, and one flamingo said to
another: `Hey, Bhallaksha, Bhallaksha (short-sighted
friend). The light (glory) of Ganasruti Pautrayana
has spread like the sky. Do not go near, that it may not
burn thee.'
The other answered him: `How can you speak of
him, being what he is (a raganya, noble), as if he
were like Raikva with the car?'
The first replied: `How is it with this Raikva with the
car of whom thou speakest?'
The other answered: `As (in a game of dice) all the lower
casts belong to him who has conquered with the
Krita cast, so whatever good deeds other people perform,
belong to that Raikva. He who knows what he
knows, he is thus spoken of by me.'
Ganasruti Pautrayana overheard this
conversation, and as soon as he had risen in the
morning, he
said to his door-keeper (kshattri): `Friend, dost thou speak
of (me, as if I were) Raikva with the car?'
He replied: `How is it with this Raikva with the car?'
The king said: `As (in a game of dice), all the lower
casts belong to him who has conquered with
the Krita cast, so whatever good deeds other people
perform, belong to that Raikva. He who knows what
he knows, he is thus spoken of by me.'
The door-keeper went to look for Raikva, but
returned saying, `I found him not.' Then the king
said: `Alas! where a Brahmana should be searched for (in
the solitude of the forest), there go for him.'
The door-keeper came to a man who was lying
beneath a car and scratching his sores. He
addressed him, and said: `Sir, are you Raikva with the
car?'
He answered: `Here I am.'
Then the door-keeper returned, and said: `I have found
him.'

Then Ganasruti Pautrayana took six hundred
cows, a necklace, and a carriage with mules, went to
Raikva and said:
`Raikva, here are six hundred cows, a necklace,
and a carriage with mules; teach me the deity
which you worship.'
The other replied: `Fie, necklace and carriage be
thine, O Sudra, together with the cows.'
The Ganasruti Pautrayana took again a thousand cows, a
necklace, a carriage with mules, and his own
daughter, and went to him.
He said to him: `Raikva, there are a thousand
cows, a necklace, a carriage with mules, this wife,
and this village in which thou dwellest. Sir, teach me!'
He, opening her mouth, said: `You have brought
these (cows and other presents), O Sudra, but
only by that mouth did you make me speak.'
These are the Raikva-parna villages in the country of the
Mahavrishas (mahapunyas) where Raikva dwelt
under him. And he said to him:

`Air (vayu) is indeed the end of all. For when fire
goes out, it goes into air. When the sun goes
down, it goes into air. When the moon goes down, it
goes into air.
`When water dries up, it goes into air. Air indeed
consumes them all. So much with reference to
the Devas.
`Now with reference to the body. Breath (prana) is
indeed the end of all. When a man sleeps,
speech goes into breath, so do sight, hearing, and mind.
Breath indeed consumes them all.
`These are the two ends, air among the Devas,
breath among the senses (pranah).'
Once while Saunaka Kapeya and Abhipratarin
Kakshaseni were being waited on at their meal, a
religious student begged of them. They gave him
nothing.
He said: `One god who is he? swallowed the
four great ones, he, the guardian of the world.
O Kapeya, mortals see him not, O Abhipratarin, though
he dwells in many places. He to whom this food
belongs, to him it has not been given.'
Saunaka Kapeya, pondering on that speech, went
to the student and said: `He is the self of the
Devas, the creator of all beings, with golden tusks, the
eater, not without intelligence. His greatness is
said to be great indeed, because, without being eaten, he
eats even what is not food. Thus do we, O
Brahmakarin, meditate on that Being.' Then he said:
`Give him food.'
They gave him food. Now these five (the eater
Vayu (air), and his food, Agni (fire), Aditya (sun),
Kandramas (moon), Ap (water)) and the other five (the
eater Prana (breath), and his food, speech, sight,
hearing, mind) make ten, and that is the Krita (the
highest) cast (representing the ten, the eaters and the
food). Therefore in all quarters those ten are food (and)
Krita (the highest cast). These are again the
Virag (of ten syllables) which eats the food. Through this
all this becomes seen. He who knows this sees
all this and becomes an eater of food, yea, he becomes
an eater of food.

Satyakama, the son of Gabala, addressed his
mother and said: `I wish to become a Brahmakarin
(religious student), mother. Of what family am I?'
She said to him: `I do not know, my child, of what
family thou art. In my youth when I had to
move about much as a servant (waiting on the guests in
my father's house), I conceived thee. I do not
know of what family thou art. I am Gabala by name, thou
art Satyakama (Philalethes). Say that thou art
Satyakama Gabala.'
He going to Gautama Haridrumata said to him, `I
wish to become a Brahmakarin with you, Sir.
May I come to you, Sir?'
He {Gautama} said to him: `Of what family are you,
my friend?' He {Satyakama} replied: `I do
not know, Sir, of what family I am. I asked my mother,
and she answered: "In my youth when I had to
move about much as a servant, I conceived thee. I do
not know of what family thou art. I am Gabala by
name, thou art Satyakama," I am therefore Satyakama
Gabala, Sir.'
He said to him: `No one but a true Brahmana
would thus speak out. Go and fetch fuel, friend, I
shall initiate you. You have not swerved from the truth.'
Having initiated him, he chose four hundred lean and
weak cows, and said: `Tend these, friend.' He drove
them out and said to himself, `I shall not return unless I
bring back a thousand.' He dwelt a number of
years (in the forest), and when the cows had become a
thousand,

The bull of the herd (meant for Vayu) said to him:
`Satyakama!' He replied: `Sir!' The bull said:
`We have become a thousand, lead us to the house of
the teacher;
`And I will declare to you one foot of Brahman.'
`Declare it, Sir,' he replied.
He said to him: `The eastern region is one quarter, the
western region is one quarter, the southern region
is one quarter, the northern region is one quarter. This is
a foot of Brahman, consisting of the four
quarters, and called Prakasavat (endowed with
splendour).
`He who knows this and meditates on the foot of
Brahman, consisting of four quarters, by the name
of Prakasavat, becomes endowed with splendour in this
world. He conquers the resplendent worlds,
whoever knows this and meditates on the foot of
Brahman, consisting of the four quarters, by the name of
Prakasavat.

`Agni will declare to you another foot of Brahman.'
(After these words of the bull), Satyakama, on the
morrow, drove the cows (toward the house of the
teacher). And when they came towards the evening, he
lighted a fire, penned the cows, laid wood on the
fire, and sat down behind the fire, looking to the east.
Then Agni (the fire) said to him: `Satyakama!' He
replied: `Sir.'
Agni said: `Friend, I will declare unto you one foot
of Brahman.'
`Declare it, Sir,' he replied.
He said to him: `The earth is one quarter, the sky is one
quarter, the heaven is one quarter, the ocean is
one quarter. This is a foot of Brahman, consisting of four
quarters, and called Anantavat (endless).
`He who knows this and meditates on the foot of
Brahman, consisting of four quarters, by the name
of Anantavat, becomes endless in this world. He
conquers the endless worlds, whoever knows this and
meditates on the foot of Brahman, consisting of four
quarters, by the name of Anantavat.

`A Hamsa (flamingo, meant for the sun) will
declare to you another foot of Brahman.'
(After these words of Agni), Satyakama, on the morrow,
drove the cows onward. And when they came
towards the evening, he lighted a fire, penned the cows,
laid wood on the fire, and sat down behind the
fire, looking toward the east.
Then a Hamsa flew near and said to him:
`Satyakama.' He replied: `Sir.'
The Hamsa said: `Friend, I will declare unto you
one foot of Brahman.'
`Declare it, Sir,' he replied.
He said to him: `Fire is one quarter, the sun is one
quarter, the moon is one quarter, lightning is one
quarter. This is a foot of Brahman, consisting of four
quarters, and called Gyotishmat (full of light).
`He who knows this and meditates on the foot of
Brahman, consisting of four quarters, by the name
of Gyotishmat, becomes full of light in this world. He
conquers the worlds which are full of light,
whoever knows this and meditates on the foot of
Brahman, consisting of four quarters, by the name of
Gyotishmat.

`A diver-bird (Madgu, meant for Pran) will declare
to you another foot of Brahman.'
(After these words of the Hamsa), Satyakama, on the
morrow, drove the cows onward. And when they
came towards the evening, he lighted a fire, penned the
cows, laid wood on the fire, and sat down behind
the fire, looking toward the east.
Then a diver flew near and said to him:
`Satyakama.' He replied: `Sir.'
The diver said: `Friend, I will declare unto you one
foot of Brahman.'
`Declare it, Sir,' he replied.
He said to him: `Breath is one quarter, the eye is one
quarter, the ear is one quarter, the mind is one
quarter. This is a foot of Brahman, consisting of four
quarters, and called Ayatanavat (having a home).
`He who knows this and meditates on the foot of
Brahman, consisting of four quarters, by the name of
Ayatanavat, becomes possessed of a home in this world.
He conquers the worlds which offer a home,
whoever knows this and meditates on the foot of
Brahman, consisting of four quarters, by the name of
Ayatanavat.'

Thus he reached the house of his teacher. The
teacher said to him: `Satyakama.' He replied: `Sir.'
The teacher said: `Friend, you shine like one who
knows Brahman. Who then has taught you?' He
replied: `Not men. But you only, Sir, I wish, should teach
me;
`For I have heard from men like you, Sir, that only
knowledge which is learnt from a teacher
(Akarya), leads to real good.' Then he taught him the
same knowledge. Nothing was left out, yea,
nothing was left out.

Upakosala Kamalayana dwelt as a Brahmakarin
(religious student) in the house of Satyakama
Gabala. He tended his fires for twelve years. But the
teacher, though he allowed other pupils (after they
had learnt the sacred books) to depart to their own
homes, did not allow Upakosala to depart.
Then his wife said to him: `This student, who is
quite exhausted (with austerities), has carefully
tended your fires. Let not the fires themselves blame
you, but teach him.' The teacher, however, went
away on a journey without having taught him.
The student from sorrow was not able to eat.
Then the wife of the teacher said to him: `Student,
eat! Why do you not eat?' He said: `There are many
desires in this man here, which lose themselves in
different directions. I am full of sorrows, and shall take no
food.'
Thereupon the fires said among themselves:
`This student, who is quite exhausted, has carefully
tended us. Well, let us teach him.' They said to him:
`Breath is Brahman, Ka (pleasure) is Brahman,
Kha (ether) is Brahman.'
He said: `I understand that breath is Brahman, but I do
not understand Ka or Kha.'
They said: `What is Ka is Kha, what is Kha is Ka.' They
therefore taught him Brahman as breath, and as
the ether (in the heart).

After that the Garhapatya fire taught him: `Earth,
fire, food, and the sun (these are my forms, or
forms of Brahman). The person that is seen in the sun, I
am he, I am he indeed.
`He who knowing this meditates on him, destroys
sin, obtains the world (of Agni Garhapatya),
reaches his full age, and lives long; his descendants do
not perish. We guard him in this world and in the
other, whosoever knowing this meditates on him.'

Then the Anvaharya fire taught him: `Water, the
quarters, the stars, the moon (these are my
forms). The person that is seen in the moon, I am he, I
am he indeed.
`He who knowing this meditates on him, destroys
sin, obtains the world (of Agni Anvaharya),
reaches his full age, and lives long; his descendants do
not perish. We guard him in this world and in the
other, whosoever knowing this meditates on him.'

Then the Ahavaniya fire taught him: `Breath,
ether, heaven, and lightning (these are my forms).
The person that is seen in the lightning, I am he, I am he
indeed.
`He who knowing this meditates on him, destroys
sin, obtains the world (of Agni Ahavaniya),
reaches his full age, and lives long; his descendants do
not perish. We guard him in this world and in the
other, whosoever knowing this meditates on him.'

Then they all said: `Upakosala, this is our
knowledge, our friend, and the knowledge of the Self,
but the teacher will tell you the way (to another life).'
In time his teacher came back, and said to him:
`Upakosala.' He answered: `Sir.' The teacher
said: `Friend, your face shines like that of one who knows
Brahman. Who has taught you?'
`Who should teach me, Sir?' he said. He denies, as it
were. And he said (pointing) to the fires: `Are these
fires other than fires?'
The teacher said: `What, my friend, have these fires told
you?'
He answered: `This' (repeating some of what
they had told him).
The teacher said: `My friend, they have taught you about
the worlds, but I shall tell you this; and as water
does not cling to a lotus leaf, so no evil deed clings to one
who knows it.' He said: `Sir, tell it {to} me.'

He said: `The person that is seen in the eye, that
is the Self. This is the immortal, the fearless,
this is Brahman. Even though they drop melted butter or
water on him, it runs away on both sides.
`They call him Samyadvama, for all blessings
(vama) go towards him (samyanti). All blessings
go towards him who knows this.
`He is also Vamani, for he leads (nayati) all
blessings (vama). He leads all blessings who knows
this.
`He is also Bhamani, for he shines (bhati) in all
worlds. He who knows this, shines in all worlds.
`Now (if one who knows this, dies), whether
people perform obsequies for him or no, he goes to
light (arkis), from light to day, from day to the light half of
the moon, from the light half of the moon to
the six months during which the sun goes to the north,
from the months to the year, from the year to the
sun, from the sun to the moon, from the moon to the
lightning. There is a person not human,
`He leads them to Brahman. This is the path of
the Devas, the path that leads to Brahman.
Those who proceed on that path, do not return to the life
of man, yea, they do not return.'

Verily, he who purifies (Vayu) is the sacrifice, for
he (the air) moving along, purifies everything.
Because moving along he purifies everything, therefore
he is the sacrifice. Of that sacrifice there are two
ways, by mind and by speech.
The Brahman priest performs one of them in his
mind, the Hotri, Adhvaryu, and Udgatri priests
perform the other by words. When the Brahman priest,
after the Prataranuvaka ceremony has begun, but
before the recitation of the Paridhaniya hymn, has (to
break his silence and) to speak,
He performs perfectly the one way only (that by
words), but the other is injured. As a man
walking on one foot, or a carriage going on one wheel, is
injured, his sacrifice is injured, and with the
injured sacrifice the sacrificer is injured; yes, having
sacrificed, he becomes worse.
But when after the Prataranuvaka ceremony has
begun, and before the recitation of the
Paridhaniya hymn, the Brahman priest has not (to break
his silence and) to speak, they perform both ways
perfectly, and neither of them is injured.
As a man walking on two legs and a carriage
going on two wheels gets on, so his sacrifice gets
on, and with the successful sacrifice the sacrificer gets
on; yes, having sacrificed, he becomes better.

Pragapati brooded over the worlds, and from
them thus brooded on he squeezed out the essences,
Agni (fire) from the earth, Vayu (air) from the sky, Aditya
(the sun) from heaven.
He brooded over these three deities, and from
them thus brooded on he squeezed out the essences,
the Rik verses from Agni, the Yagus verses from Vayu,
the Saman verses from Aditya.
He brooded over the threefold knowledge (the
three Vedas), and from it thus brooded on he
squeezed out the essences, the sacred interjection Bhus
from the Rik verses, the sacred interjection Bhuvas
from the Yagus verses, the sacred interjection Svar from
the Saman verses.
If the sacrifice is injured from the Rig-veda side,
let him offer a libation in the Garhapatya fire,
saying, Bhuh, Svaha! Thus does he bind together and
heal, by means of the essence and the power of the
Rik verses themselves, whatever break the Rik sacrifice
may have suffered.
If the sacrifice is injured from the Yagur-veda
side, let him offer a libation in the Dakshina fire,
saying, Bhuvah, Svaha! Thus does he bind together and
heal, by means of the essence and the power of
the Yagus verses themselves, whatever break the Yagus
sacrifice may have suffered.
If the sacrifice is injured by the Sama-veda side,
let him offer a libation in the Ahavaniya fire,
saying, Svah, Svaha! Thus does he bind together and
heal, by means of the essence and the power of the
Saman verses themselves, whatever break the Saman
sacrifice may have suffered.
As one binds (softens) gold by means of lavana
(borax), and silver by means of gold, and tin by
means of silver, and lead by means of tin, and iron (loha)
by means of lead, and wood by means of iron, or
also by means of leather,
Thus does one bind together and heal any break
in the sacrifice by means of (the Vyahritis or
sacrificial interjections which are) the essence and
strength of the three worlds, of the deities, and of the
threefold knowledge. That sacrifice is healed in which
there is a Brahman priest who knows this.
That sacrifice is inclined towards the north (in the
right way) in which there is a Brahman priest
who knows this. And with regard to such a Brahman
priest there is the following Gatha: `Wherever it
falls back, thither the man goes,' viz. the Brahman only,
as one of the Ritvig priests. `He saves the
Kurus as a mare' (viz. a Brahman priest who knows this,
saves the sacrifice, the sacrificer, and all the
other priests). Therefore let a man make him who knows
this his Brahman priest, not one who does not
know it, who does not know it.
Fifth Prapathaka

He who knows the oldest and the best becomes
himself the oldest and the best. Breath indeed is
the oldest and the best.
He who knows the richest, becomes himself the
richest. Speech indeed is the richest.
He who knows the firm rest, becomes himself firm
in this world and in the next. The eye indeed is
the firm rest.
He who knows success, his wishes succeed, both
his divine and human wishes. The ear indeed is
success.
He who knows the home, becomes a home of his
people. The mind indeed is the home.
The five senses quarrelled together, who was the
best, saying, I am better, I am better.
They went to their father Pragapati and said: `Sir,
who is the best of us?' He replied: `He by whose
departure the body seems worse than worst, he is the
best of you.'
The tongue (speech) departed, and having been
absent for a year, it came round and said: `How
have you been able to live without me?' They replied:
`Like mute people, not speaking, but breathing with
the breath, seeing with the eye, hearing with the ear,
thinking with the mind. Thus we lived.' Then
speech went back.
The eye (sight) departed, and having been absent
for a year, it came round and said: `How have
you been able to live without me?' They replied: `Like
blind people, not seeing, but breathing with the
breath, speaking with the tongue, hearing with the ear,
thinking with the mind. Thus we lived.' Then the
eye went back.
The ear (hearing) departed, and having been
absent for a year, it came round and said: `How have
you been able to live without me?' They replied: `Like
deaf people, not hearing, but breathing with the
breath, speaking with the tongue, thinking with the mind.
Thus we lived.' Then the ear went back.
The mind departed, and having been absent for a
year, it came round and said: `How have you
been able to live without me?' They replied: `Like
children whose mind is not yet formed, but breathing
with the breath, speaking with the tongue, seeing with the
eye, hearing with the ear. Thus we lived.'
Then the mind went back.
The breath, when on the point of departing, tore
up the other senses, as a horse, going to start,
might tear up the pegs to which he is tethered. They
came to him and said: `Sir, be thou (our lord); thou
art the best among us. Do not depart from us!'
Then the tongue said to him: `If I am the richest,
thou art the richest.' The eye said to him: `If I
am the firm rest, thou art the firm rest.'
The ear said to him: `If I am success, thou art
success.' The mind said to him: `If I am the home,
thou art the home.'
And people do not call them, the tongues, the
eyes, the ears, the minds, but the breaths (prana,
the senses). For breath are all these.

Breath said: `What shall be my food?' They
answered: `Whatever there is, even unto dogs and
birds.' Therefore this is food for Ana (the breather). His
name is clearly Ana. To him who knows this
there is nothing that is not (proper) food.
He said: `What shall be my dress?' They
answered: `Water.' Therefore wise people, when they are
going to eat food, surround their food before and after
with water.' He (prana) thus gains a dress, and is
no longer naked.
Satyakama Gabala, after he had communicated
this to Gosruti Vaiyaghrapadya, said to him: `If
you were to tell this to a dry stick, branches would grow,
and leaves spring from
it.'
If a man wishes to reach greatness, let him
perform the Diksha (preparatory rite) on the day of the
new moon, and then, on the night of the full moon, let him
stir a mash of all kinds of herbs with curds and
honey, and let him pour ghee on the fire (avasathya
laukika), saying, `Svaha to the oldest and the best.'
After that let him throw all that remains (of the ghee) into
the mash.
In the same manner let him pour ghee on the fire,
saying, `Svaha to the richest.' After that let him
throw all that remains together into the mash.
In the same manner let him pour ghee on the fire, saying,
`Svaha to the firm rest.' After that let him
throw all that remains together into the mash.
In the same manner let him pour ghee on the fire, saying,
`Svaha to success.' After that let him throw all
that remains together into the mash.
Then going forward and placing the mash in his
hands, he recites: `Thou (Pran) art Ama by name,
for all this together exists in thee. He is the oldest and
best, the king, the sovereign. May he make me the
oldest, the best, the king, the sovereign. May I be all this.'
Then he eats with the following Rik verse at every
foot: `We choose that food' here he swallows
`Of the divine Savitri (prana)' here he swallows `The
best and all-supporting food' here he
swallows `We meditate on the speed of Bhaga (Savitri,
prana)' here he drinks all.
Having cleansed the vessel, whether it be a kamsa
or a kamasa, he sits down behind the fire on a
skin or on the bare ground, without speaking or making
any other effort. If in his dream he sees a
woman, let him know this to be a sign that his sacrifice
has succeeded.
On this there is a Sloka: `If during sacrifices which
are to fulfil certain wishes he sees in his
dreams a woman, let him know success from this vision in
a dream, yea, from this vision in a dream.'

Svetaketu Aruneya went to an assembly of the
Pankalas. Pravahana Gaivali said to him: `Boy, has
your father instructed you?' `Yes, Sir,' he replied.
`Do you know to what place men go from here?'
`No, Sir,' he replied.
`Do you know how they return again?' `No Sir,' he
replied.
`Do you know where the path of Devas and the path of
the fathers diverge?' `No, Sir,' he replied.
`Do you know why that world never becomes full?'
`No, Sir,' he replied.
`Do you know why in the fifth libation water is called
Man?' `No, Sir,' he replied.
`Then why did you say (you had been) instructed?
How could anybody who did not know these
things say that he had been instructed?' Then the boy
went back sorrowful to the place of his father, and
said: `Though you had not instructed me, Sir, you said
you had instructed me.
`That fellow of a Raganya asked me five
questions, and I could not answer one of them.' The
father said: `As you have told me these questions of his, I
do not know any one of them. If I knew these
questions, how should I not have told you?'
Then Gautama went to the king's place, and when
he had come to him, the king offered him
proper respect. In the morning the king went out on his
way to the assembly. The king said to him: `Sir,
Gautama, ask a boon of such things as men possess.'
He replied: `Such things as men possess may remain
with you. Tell me the speech which you addressed to the
boy.'
The king was perplexed, and commanded him,
saying: `Stay with me some time.' Then he said:
`As (to what) you have said to me, Gautama, this
knowledge did not go to any Brahmana before you, and
therefore this teaching belonged in all the worlds to the
Kshatra class alone. Then he began:

`The altar (on which the sacrifice is supposed to
be offered) is that world (heaven), O Gautama; its
fuel is the sun itself, the smoke his rays, the light the day,
the coals the moon, the sparks the stars.
`On that altar the Devas (or pranas, represented
by Agni, &c.) offer the sraddha libation
(consisting of water). From that oblation rises Soma, the
king (the moon).

`The altar is Parganya (the god of rain), O
Gautama; its fuel is the air itself, the smoke the cloud,
the light the lightning, the coals the thunderbolt, the
sparks the thunderings.
`On that altar the Devas offer Soma, the king (the
moon). From that oblation rises rain.

`The altar is the earth, O Gautama; its fuel is the
year itself, the smoke the ether, the light the
night, the coals the quarters, the sparks the intermediate
quarters.
`On that altar the Devas (pranas) offer rain. From
that oblation rises food (corn, &c.)

`The altar is man, O Gautama; its fuel speech
itself, the smoke the breath, the light the tongue, the
coals the eye, the sparks the ear.
`On that altar the Devas (pranas) offer food. From
that oblation rises seed.

`The altar is woman, O Gautama.
`On that altar the Devas (pranas) offer seed. From
that oblation rises the germ.

`For this reason is water in the fifth oblation called
Man. This germ, covered in the womb, having
dwelt there ten months, or more or less, is born.
`When born, he lives whatever the length of his life
may be. When he has departed, his friends
carry him, as appointed, to the fire (of the funeral pile)
from whence he came, from whence he sprang.

`Those who know this (even though they still be
grihasthas, householders) and those who in the
forest follow faith and austerities (the vanaprasthas, and
of the parivragakas those who do not yet know
the Highest Brahman) go to light (arkis), from light to day,
from day to the light half of the moon, from
the light half of the moon to the six months when the sun
goes to the north, from the six months when the
sun goes to the north to the year, from the year to the
sun, from the sun to the moon, from the moon to the
lightning. There is a person not human,
`He leads them to Brahman (the conditioned
Brahman). This is the path of the Devas.
`But they who living in a village practise (a life of)
sacrifices, works of public utility, and alms,
they go to the smoke, from smoke to night, from night to
the dark half of the moon, from the dark half of
the moon to the six months when the sun goes to the
south. But they do not reach the year.
`From the months they go to the world of the
fathers, from the world of the fathers to the ether,
from the ether to the moon. That is Soma, the king. Here
they are loved (eaten) by the Devas, yes, the
Devas love (eat) them.
`Having dwelt there, till their (good) works are
consumed, they return again that way as they
came, to the ether, from the ether to the air. Then the
sacrificer, having become air, becomes smoke,
having become smoke, he becomes mist,
`Having become mist, he becomes a cloud,
having become a cloud, he rains down. Then he is
born as rice and corn, herbs and trees, sesamum, and
beans. From thence the escape is beset with most
difficulties. For whoever the persons may be that eat the
food, and beget offspring, he henceforth becomes
like unto them.
`Those whose conduct has been good, will
quickly attain some good birth, the birth of a
Brahmana, or a Kshatriya, or a Vaisya. But those whose
conduct has been evil, will quickly attain an evil
birth, the birth of a dog, or a hog, or a Kandala.
`On neither of these two ways those small
creatures (flies, worms, &c.) are continually returning
of whom it may be said, Live and die. Theirs is a third
place.
`Therefore that world never becomes full (compare with
`Hence let a man take care to himself! And thus it is said
in the following Sloka:
`A man who steals gold, who drinks spirits, who
dishonours his Guru's bed, who kills a Brahman,
these four fall, and as a fifth he who associates with them.
`But he who thus knows the five fires is not
defiled by sin even though he associates with them.
He who knows this, is pure, clean, and obtains the world
of the blessed, yea, he obtains the world of the
blessed.'

Prakinasala Aupamanyava, Satyayagna
Paulushi, Indradyumna Bhallaveya, Gana Sarkarakshya,
and Budila Asvatarasvi, these five great householders
and great theologians came once together and held
a discussion as to What is our Self, and what is Brahman.
They reflected and said: `Sirs, there is that
Uddalaka Aruni, who knows at present that Self,
called Vaisvanara. Well, let us go to him.' They went to
him.
But he reflected: `Those great householders and
great theologians will examine me, and I shall
not be able to tell them all; therefore I shall recommend
another teacher to them.'
He said to them: `Sirs, Asvapati Kaikeya knows
at present that Self, called Vaisvanara. Well, let
us go to him.' They went to him.
When they arrived (the king) ordered proper
presents to be made separately to each of them. And
rising the next morning he said: `In my kingdom there is
no thief, no miser, no drunkard, no man without
an altar in his house, no ignorant person, no adulterer,
much less an adulteress. I am going to perform a
sacrifice, Sirs, and as much wealth as I give to each
Ritvig priest, I shall give to you, Sirs. Please to stay
here.'
They replied: `Every man ought to say for what
purpose he comes. You know at present that
Vaisvanara Self, tell us that.'
He said: `To-morrow I shall give you an answer.'
Therefore on the next morning they approached
him, carrying fuel in their hands (like students), and he,
without first demanding any preparatory rites,
said to them:

`Aupamanyava, whom do you meditate on as the
Self?' He replied: `Heaven only, venerable
king.' He said: `The Self which you meditate on is the
Vaisvanara Self, called Sutegas (having good light).
Therefore every kind of Soma libation is seen in your
house.
`You eat food, and see your desire (a son, &c.),
and whoever thus meditates on that Vaisvanara
Self, eats food, sees his desire, and has Vedic glory
(arising from study and sacrifice) in his house. That,
however, is but the head of the Self, and thus your head
would have fallen (in a discussion), if you had not
come to me.'

Then he said to Satyayagna Paulushi: `O
Prakinayogya, whom do you meditate on as the Self?'
He replied: `The sun only, venerable king.' He said: `The
Self which you meditate on is the Vaisvanara
Self, called Visvarupa (multiform). Therefore much and
manifold wealth is seen in your house.
`There is a car with mules, full of slaves and
jewels. You eat food and see your desire, and
whoever thus meditates on that Vaisvanara Self, eats
food and sees his desire, and has Vedic glory in his
house.
`That, however, is but the eye of the Self, and you would
have become blind, if you had not come to me.'

Then he said to Indradyumna Bhallaveya: `O
Vaiyaghrapadya, whom do you meditate on as the
Self?' He replied: `Air only, venerable king.' He said:
`The Self which you meditate on is the Vaisvanara
Self, called Prithagvartman (having various courses).
Therefore offerings come to you in various ways,
and rows of cars follow you in various ways.
`You eat food and see your desire, and whoever
thus meditates on that Vaisvanara Self, eats food
and sees his desire, and has Vedic glory in his house.
`That, however, is but the breath of the Self, and your
breath would have left you, if you had not come to
me.'

Then he said to Gana Sarkarakshya: `Whom do
you meditate on as the Self?' He replied: `Ether
only, venerable king.' He said: `The Self which you
meditate on is the Vaisvanara Self, called Bahula
(full). Therefore you are full of offspring and wealth.
`You eat food and see your desire, and whoever
thus meditates on that Vaisvanara Self, eats food
and sees his desire, and has Vedic glory in his house.
`That, however, is but the trunk of the Self, and your trunk
would have perished, if you had not come to
me.'

Then he said to Budila Asvatarasvi, `O
Vaiyaghrapadya, whom do you meditate on as the Self?'
He replied: `Water only, venerable king.' He said; `The
Self which you meditate on is the Vaisvanara
Self, called Rayi (wealth). Therefore are you wealthy and
flourishing.
`You eat food and see your desire, and whoever
thus meditates on that Vaisvanara Self, eats food
and sees his desire, and has Vedic glory in his house.
`That, however, is but the bladder of the Self, and your
bladder would have burst, if you had not come to
me.'

Then he said to Auddalaka Aruni: `O Gautama,
whom do you meditate on as the Self?' He
replied: `The earth only, venerable king.' He said: `The
Self which you meditate on is the Vaisvanara
Self, called Pratishtha (firm rest). Therefore you stand
firm with offspring and cattle.
`You eat food and see your desire, and whoever
thus meditates on that Vaisvanara Self, eats food
and sees his desire, and has Vedic glory in his house.
`That, however, are but the feet of the Self, and your feet
would have given way, if you had not come to
me.'

Then he said to them all: `You eat your food,
knowing that Vaisvanara Self as if it were many.
But he who worships the Vaisvanara Self as a span long,
and as identical with himself, he eats food in all
worlds, in all beings, in all Selfs.
`Of that Vaisvanara Self the head is Sutegas
(having good light), the eye Visvarupa (multiform),
the breath Prithagvartman (having various courses), the
trunk Bahula (full), the bladder Rayi (wealth), the
feet the earth, the chest the altar, the hairs the grass on
the altar, the heart the Garhapatya fire, the mind
the Anvaharya fire, the mouth the Ahavaniya fire.

`Therefore the first food which a man may take, is
in the place of Homa. And he who offers that
first oblation, should offer it to Prana (up-breathing),
saying Svaha. Then Prana (up-breathing) is
satisfied,
`If Prana is satisfied, the eye is satisfied, if the
eye is satisfied, the sun is satisfied, if the sun is
satisfied, heaven is satisfied, if heaven is satisfied,
whatever is under heaven and under the sun is
satisfied. And through their satisfaction he (the sacrificer
or eater) himself is satisfied with offspring,
cattle, health, brightness, and Vedic splendour.

`And he who offers the second oblation, should
offer it to Vyana (back-breathing), saying Svaha.
Then Vyana is satisfied,
`If Vyana is satisfied, the ear is satisfied, if the
ear is satisfied, the moon is satisfied, if the moon
is satisfied, the quarters are satisfied, if the quarters are
satisfied, whatever is under the quarters and under
the moon is satisfied. And through their satisfaction he
(the sacrificer or eater) himself is satisfied with
offspring, cattle, health, brightness, and Vedic splendour.

`And he who offers the third oblation, should offer
it to Apana (down-breathing), saying Svaha.
Then Apana is satisfied. If Apana is satisfied, the tongue
is satisfied, if the tongue is satisfied, Agni (fire)
is satisfied, if Agni is satisfied, the earth is satisfied, if the
earth is satisfied, whatever is under the earth
and under fire is satisfied.
`And through their satisfaction he (the sacrificer
or eater) himself is satisfied with offspring,
cattle, health, brightness, and Vedic splendour.

`And he who offers the fourth oblation, should
offer it to Samana (on-breathing), saying Svaha.
Then Samana is satisfied,
`If Samana is satisfied, the mind is satisfied, if the
mind is satisfied, Parganya (god of rain) is
satisfied, if Parganya is satisfied, lightning is satisfied, if
lightning is satisfied, whatever is under
Parganya and under lightning is satisfied. And through
their satisfaction he (the sacrificer or eater)
himself is satisfied with offspring, cattle, health,
brightness, and Vedic splendour.

`And he who offers the fifth oblation, should offer
it to Udana (out-breathing), saying Svaha.
Then Udana is satisfied,
`If Udana is satisfied, Vayu (air) is satisfied, if
Vayu is satisfied, ether is satisfied, if ether is
satisfied, whatever is under Vayu and under the ether is
satisfied. And through their satisfaction he (the
sacrificer or eater) himself is satisfied with offspring,
cattle, health, brightness, and Vedic splendour.

`If, without knowing this, one offers an Agnihotra,
it would be as if a man were to remove the live
coals and pour his libation on dead ashes.
`But he who offers this Agnihotra with a full
knowledge of its true purport, he offers it (i.e. he
eats food) in all worlds, in all beings, in all Selfs.
`As the soft fibres of the Ishika reed, when thrown
into the fire, are burnt, thus all his sins are
burnt whoever offers this Agnihotra with a full knowledge
of its true purport.
`Even if he gives what is left of his food to a
Kandala, it would be offered in his (the Kandala's)
Vaisvanara Self. And so it is said in this Sloka:
`Even if he gives what is left of his food to a
`As hungry children here on earth sit (expectantly) round
their mother, so do all beings sit round the
Agnihotra, yea, round the Agnihotra.'
Sixth Prapathaka

Harih, Om. There lived once Svetaketu Aruneya
(the grandson of Aruna). To him his father
(Uddalaka, the son of Aruna) said: `Svetaketu, go to
school; for there is none belonging to our race,
darling, who, not having studied (the Veda), is, as it were,
a Brahmana by birth only.'
Having begun his apprenticeship (with a teacher)
when he was twelve years of age, Svetaketu
returned to his father, when he was twenty-four, having
then studied all the Vedas, conceited,
considering himself well-read, and stern.
His father said to him: `Svetaketu, as you are so
conceited, considering yourself so well-read, and
so stern, my dear, have you ever asked for that
instruction by which we hear what cannot be heard, by
which we perceive what cannot be perceived, by which
we know what cannot be known?'
`What is that instruction, Sir?' he asked.
The father replied: `My dear, as by one clod of clay all
that is made of clay is known, the difference being
only a name, arising from speech, but the truth being that
all is clay;
`And as, my dear, by one nugget of gold all that is
made of gold is known, the difference being
only a name, arising from speech, but the truth being that
all is gold?
`And as, my dear, by one pair of nail-scissors all
that is made of iron (karshnayasam) is known, the
difference being only a name, arising from speech, but
the truth being that all is iron, thus, my dear, is
that instruction.'
The son said: `Surely those venerable men (my
teachers) did not know that. For if they had known
it, why should they not have told it me? Do you, Sir,
therefore tell me that.' `Be it so,' said the father.

`In the beginning,' my dear, `there was that only
which is {to on, [greek]} one only, without a
second. Others say, in the beginning there was that only
which is not {to me on, [greek]} one only,
without a second; and from that which is not, that which is
was born.
`But how could it be thus, my dear?' the father
continued. `How could that which is, be born of
that which is not? No, my dear, only that which is, was in
the beginning, one only, without a second.
`It thought, may I be many, may I grow forth. It
sent forth fire.
`That fire thought, may I be many, may I grow forth. It
sent forth water.
`And therefore whenever anybody anywhere is hot and
perspires, water is produced on him from fire
alone.
`Water thought, may I be many, may I grow forth.
It sent forth earth (food).
`Therefore whenever it rains anywhere, most food is then
produced. From water alone is eatable food
produced.

`Of all living things there are indeed three origins
only, that which springs from an egg
(oviparous), that which springs from a living being
(viviparous), and that which springs from a germ.
`That Being (i.e. that which had produced fire,
water, and earth) thought, let me now enter those
three beings (fire, water, earth) with this living Self (giva
atma), and let me then reveal (develop) names
and forms.
`Then that Being having said, Let me make each
of these three tripartite (so that fire, water, and
earth should each have itself for its principal ingredient,
besides an admixture of the other two) entered
into those three beings (devata) with this living self only,
and revealed names and forms.
`He made each of these tripartite; and how these
three beings become each of them tripartite, that
learn from me now, my friend!

`The red colour of burning fire (agni) is the colour
of fire, the white colour of fire is the colour of
water, the black colour of fire the colour of earth. Thus
vanishes what we call fire, as a mere variety,
being a name, arising from speech. What is true (satya)
are the three colours (or forms).
`The red colour of the sun (aditya) is the colour of
fire, the white of water, the black of earth. Thus
vanishes what we call the sun, as a mere variety, being a
name, arising from speech. What is true are the
three colours.
`The red colour of the moon is the colour of fire,
the white of water, the black of earth. Thus
vanishes what we call the moon, as a mere variety, being
a name, arising from speech. What is true are
the three colours.
`The red colour of the lightning is the colour of fire,
the white of water, the black of earth. Thus
vanishes what we call the lightning, as a mere variety,
being a name, arising from speech. What is true
are the three colours.
`Great householders and great theologians of
olden times who knew this, have declared the same,
saying, "No one can henceforth mention to us anything
which we have not heard, perceived, or known."
Out of these (three colours or forms) they knew all.
`Whatever they thought looked red, they knew was
the colour of fire. Whatever they thought
looked white, they knew was the colour of water.
Whatever they thought looked black, they knew was the
colour of earth.
`Whatever they thought was altogether unknown,
they knew was some combination of those three
beings (devata).
Now learn from me, my friend, how those three beings,
when they reach man, become each of them
tripartite.

`The earth (food) when eaten becomes threefold;
its grossest portion becomes feces, its middle
portion flesh, its subtilest portion mind.
`Water when drunk becomes threefold; its grossest
portion becomes water, its middle portion
blood, its subtilest portion breath.
`Fire (i.e. in oil, butter, &c.) when eaten becomes
threefold; its grossest portion becomes bone, its
middle portion marrow, its subtilest portion speech.
`For truly, my child, mind comes of earth, breath of
water, speech of fire.'
`Please, Sir, inform me still more,' said the son.
`Be it so, my child,' the father replied.

`That which is the subtile portion of curds, when
churned, rises upwards, and becomes butter.
`In the same manner, my child, the subtile portion
of earth (food), when eaten, rises upwards, and
becomes mind.
`That which is the subtile portion of water, when
drunk, rises upwards, and becomes breath.
`That which is the subtile portion of fire, when
consumed, rises upwards, and becomes speech.
`For mind, my child, comes of earth, breath of
water, speech of fire.'
`Please, Sir, inform me still more,' said the son.
`Be it so, my child,' the father replied.

`Man (purusha), my son, consists of sixteen parts.
Abstain from food for fifteen days, but drink as
much water as you like, for breath comes from water, and
will not be cut off, if you drink water.'
Svetaketu abstained from food for fifteen days.
Then he came to his father and said: `What shall I
say?' The father said: `Repeat the Rik, Yagus, and
Saman verses.' He replied: `They do not occur to me,
Sir.'
The father said to him: `As of a great lighted fire
one coal only of the size of a firefly may be left,
which would not burn much more than this (i.e. very little),
thus, my dear son, one part only of the sixteen
parts (of you) is left, and therefore with that one part you
do not remember the Vedas. Go and eat!
`Then wilt thou understand me.' Then Svetaketu
ate, and afterwards approached his father. And
whatever his father asked him, he knew it all by heart.
Then his father said to him:
`As of a great lighted fire one coal of the size of a
firefly, if left, may be made to blaze up again by
putting grass upon it, and will thus burn more than this,
`Thus, my dear son, there was one part of the
sixteen parts left to you, and that, lighted up with
food, burnt up, and by it you remember now the Vedas.'
After that, he understood what his father meant
when he said: `Mind, my son, comes from food, breath
from water, speech from fire.' He understood what
he said, yea, he understood it.

Uddalaka Aruni said to his son Svetaketu: `Learn
from me the true nature of sleep (svapna). When
a man sleeps here, then, my dear son, he becomes
united with the True, he is gone to his own (Self).
Therefore they say, svapiti, he sleeps, because he is
gone (apita) to his own (sva).
`As a bird when tied by a string flies first in every
direction, and finding no rest anywhere, settles
down at last on the very place where it is fastened,
exactly in the same manner, my son, that mind (the
giva, or living Self in the mind, see {Kh.} 6, 3, 2), after
flying in every direction, and finding no rest
anywhere, settles down on breath; for indeed, my son,
mind is fastened to breath.
`Learn from me, my son, what are hunger and
thirst. When a man is thus said to be hungry, water
is carrying away (digests) what has been eaten by him.
Therefore as they speak of a cow-leader (go-naya),
a horse-leader (asva-naya), a man-leader (purushanaya), so they call water (which digests food and
causes hunger) food-leader (asa-naya). Thus (by food
digested &c.), my son, know this offshoot (the
body) to be brought forth, for this (body) could not be
without a root (cause).
`And where could its root be except in food
(earth)? And in the same manner, my son, as food
(earth) too is an offshoot, seek after its root, viz. water.
And as water too is an offshoot, seek after its root,
viz. fire. And as fire too is an offshoot, seek after its root,
viz. the True. Yes, all these creatures, my son,
have their root in the True, they dwell in the True, they
rest in the True.
`When a man is thus said to be thirsty, fire carries
away what has been drunk by him. Therefore as
they speak of a cow-leader (go-naya), of a horse-leader
(asva-naya), of a man-leader (purusha-naya), so
they call fire udanya, thirst, i.e. water-leader. Thus (by
water digested &c.), my son, know this offshoot
(the body) to be brought forth: this (body) could not be
without a root (cause).
`And where could its root be except in water? As
water is an offshoot, seek after its root, viz. fire.
As fire is an offshoot, seek after its root, viz. the True.
Yes, all these creatures, O son, have their root in
the True, they dwell in the True, they rest in the True.
`And how these three beings (devata), fire, water, earth,
O son, when they reach man, become each of
them tripartite, has been said before (VI, 4, 7). When a
man departs from hence, his speech is merged in
his mind, his mind in his breath, his breath in heat (fire),
heat in the Highest Being.
`Now that which is that subtile essence (the root of
all), in it all that exists has its self. It is the
True. It is the Self, and thou, O Svetaketu, art it.'
`Please, Sir, inform me still more,' said the son.
`Be it so, my child,' the father replied.

`As the bees, my son, make honey by collecting
the juices of distant trees, and reduce the juice into
one form,
`And as these juices have no discrimination, so
that they might say, I am the juice of this tree or
that, in the same manner, my son, all these creatures,
when they have become merged in the True (either
in deep sleep or in death), know not that they are merged
in the True.
`Whatever these creatures are here, whether a
lion, or a wolf, or a boar, or a worm, or a midge, or a
gnat, or a musquito, that they become again and again.
`Now that which is that subtile essence, in it all
that exists has its self. It is the True. It is the Self,
and thou, O Svetaketu, art it.'
`Please, Sir, inform me still more,' said the son.
`Be it so, my child,' the father replied.

`These rivers, my son, run, the eastern (like the
Ganga) toward the east, the western (like the
Sindhu) toward the west. They go from sea to sea (i.e.
the clouds lift up the water from the sea to the sky,
and send it back as rain to the sea). They become
indeed sea. And as those rivers, when they are in the
sea, do not know, I am this or that river,
`In the same manner, my son, all these creatures,
when they have come back from the True, know
not that they have come back from the True. Whatever
these creatures are here, whether a lion, or a wolf,
or a boar, or a worm, or a midge, or a gnat, or a musquito,
that they become again and again.
`That which is that subtile essence, in it all that
exists has its self. It is the True. It is the Self,
and thou, O Svetaketu, art it.'
`Please, Sir, inform me still more,' said the son.
`Be it so, my child,' the father replied.

`If some one were to strike at the root of this
large tree here, it would bleed, but live. If he were to
strike at its stem, it would bleed, but live. If he were to
strike at its top, it would bleed, but live. Pervaded
by the living Self that tree stands firm, drinking in its
nourishment and rejoicing;
`But if the life (the living Self leaves one of its
branches, that branch withers; if it leaves a second,
that branch withers; if it leaves a third, that branch
withers. If it leaves the whole tree, the whole tree
withers. In exactly the same manner, my son, know this.'
Thus he spoke:
`This (body) indeed withers and dies when the
living Self has left it; the living Self dies not.
`That which is that subtile essence, in it all that exists has
its self. It is the True. It is the Self, and thou,
Svetaketu, art it.'
`Please, Sir, inform me still more,' said the son.
`Be it so, my child,' the father replied.

`Fetch me from thence a fruit of the Nyagrodha
tree.'
`Here is one, Sir.'
`Break it.'
`It is broken, Sir.'
`What do you see there?'
`These seeds, almost infinitesimal.'
`Break one of them.'
`It is broken, Sir.'
`What do you see there?'
`Not anything, Sir.'
The father said: `My son, that subtile essence
which you do not perceive there, of that very
essence this great Nyagrodha tree exists.
`Believe it, my son. That which is the subtile
essence, in it all that exists has its self. It is the
True. It is the Self, and thou, O Svetaketu, art it.'
`Please, Sir, inform me still more,' said the son.
`Be it so, my child,' the father replied.

`Place this salt in water, and then wait on me in
the morning.'
The son did as he was commanded.
The father said to him: `Bring me the salt, which you
placed in the water last night.'
The son having looked for it, found it not, for, of course, it
was melted.
The father said: `Taste it from the surface of the
water. How is it?'
The son replied: `It is salt.'
`Taste it from the middle. How is it?'
The son replied: `It is salt.'
`Taste it from the bottom. How is it?'
The son replied `It is salt.'
The father said: `Throw it away and then wait on me.'
He did so; but salt exists for ever.
Then the father said: `Here also, in this body, forsooth,
you do not perceive the True (Sat), my son; but
there indeed it is.
`That which is the subtile essence, in it all that
exists has its self. It is the True. It is the Self,
and thou, O Svetaketu, art it.'
`Please, Sir, inform me still more,' said the son.
`Be it so, my child,' the father replied.

`As one might lead a person with his eyes
covered away from the Gandharas, and leave him then
in a place where there are no human beings; and as that
person would turn towards the east, or the north,
or the west, and shout, "I have been brought here with my
eyes covered, I have been left here with my eyes
covered,"
`And as thereupon some one might loose his
bandage and say to him, "Go in that direction, it is
Gandhara, go in that direction;" and as thereupon, having
been informed and being able to judge for
himself, he would by asking his way from village to village
arrive at last at Gandhara, in exactly the
same manner does a man, who meets with a teacher to
inform him, obtain the true knowledge. For him
there is only delay so long as he is not delivered (from the
body); then he will be perfect.
`That which is the subtile essence, in it all that
exists has its self. It is the True. It is the Self,
and thou, O Svetaketu, art it.'
`Please, Sir, inform me still more,' said the son.
`Be it so, my child,' the father replied.

`If a man is ill, his relatives assemble round him
and ask: "Dost thou know me? Dost thou know
me?" Now as long as his speech is not merged in his
mind, his mind in breath, breath in heat (fire), heat
in the Highest Being (devata), he knows them.
`But when his speech is merged in his mind, his
mind in breath, breath in heat (fire), heat in the
Highest Being, then he knows them not.
`That which is the subtile essence, in it all that exists has
its self. It is the True. It is the Self, and thou, O
Svetaketu, art it.'
`Please, Sir, inform me still more,' said the son.
`Be it so, my child,' the father replied.

`My child, they bring a man hither whom they
have taken by the hand, and they say: "He has
taken something, he has committed a theft." (When he
denies, they say), "Heat the hatchet for him." If
he committed the theft, then he makes himself to be what
he is not. Then the false-minded, having
covered his true Self by a falsehood, grasps the heated
hatchet he is burnt, and he is killed.
`But if he did not commit the theft, then he makes
himself to be what he is. Then the trueminded, having covered his true Self by truth, grasps the
heated hatchet he is not burnt, and he is
delivered.
`As that (truthful) man is not burnt, thus has all that exists
its self in That. It is the True. It is the Self,
and thou, O Svetaketu, art it.' He understood what he
said, yea, he understood it.
Seventh Prapathaka

Narada approached Sanatkumara and said,
`Teach me, Sir!' Sanatkumara said to him: `Please to
tell me what you know; afterward I shall tell you what is
beyond.'
Narada said: `I know the Rig-veda, Sir, the Yagurveda, the Sama-veda, as the fourth the
Atharvana, as the fifth the Itihasa-purana (the Bharata);
the Veda of the Vedas (grammar); the Pitrya (the
rules for the sacrifices for the ancestors); the Rasi (the
science of numbers); the Daiva (the science of
portents); the Nidhi (the science of time); the Vakovakya
(logic); the Ekayana (ethics); the Deva-vidya
(etymology); the Brahma-vidya (pronunciation, siksha,
ceremonial, kalpa, prosody, khandas); the Bhutavidya (the science of demons); the Kshatra-vidya (the
science of weapons); the Nakshatra-vidya
(astronomy); the Sarpa and Devagana-vidya (the science
of serpents or poisons, and the sciences of the
genii, such as the making of perfumes, dancing, singing,
playing, and other fine arts). All this I know, Sir.
`But, Sir, with all this I know the Mantras only, the
sacred books, I do not know the Self. I have
heard from men like you, that he who knows the Self
overcomes grief. I am in grief. Do, Sir, help me
over this grief of mine.'
Sanatkumara said to him: `Whatever you have read, is
only a name.
`A name is the Rig-veda, Yagur-veda, Sama-veda,
and as the fourth the Atharvana, as the fifth the
Itihasa-purana, the Veda of the Vedas, the Pitrya, the
Rasi, the Daiva, the Nidhi, the Vakovakya, the
Ekayana, the Deva-vidya, the Brahma-vidya, the Bhutavidya, the Kshatra-vidya, the Nakshatra-vidya, the
Sarpa and Devagana-vidya. All these are a name only.
Meditate on the name.
`He who meditates on the name as Brahman, is,
as it were, lord and master as far as the name
reaches he who meditates on the name as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than a name?'
`Yes, there is something better than a name.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Speech is better than a name. Speech makes us
understand the Rig-veda, Yagur-veda, Samaveda, and as the fourth the Atharvana, as the fifth the
Itihasa-purana, the Veda of the Vedas, the Pitrya,
the Rasi, the Daiva, the Nidhi, the Vakovakya, the
Ekayana, the Deva-vidya, the Brahma-vidya, the
Kshatra-vidya, the Nakshatra-vidya, the Sarpa and
Devagana-vidya; heaven, earth, air, ether, water, fire,
gods, men, cattle, birds, herbs, trees, all beasts down to
worms, midges, and ants; what is right and what
is wrong; what is true and what is false; what is good and
what is bad; what is pleasing and what is not
pleasing. For if there were no speech, neither right nor
wrong would be known, neither the true nor the
false, neither the good nor the bad, neither the pleasant
nor the unpleasant. Speech makes us understand
all this. Meditate on speech.
`He who meditates on speech as Brahman, is, as
it were, lord and master as far as speech reaches
he who meditates on speech as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than speech?'
`Yes, there is something better than speech.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Mind (manas) is better than speech. For as the
closed fist holds two amalaka or two kola or two
aksha fruits, thus does mind hold speech and name. For
if a man is minded in his mind to read the sacred
hymns, he reads them; if he is minded in his mind to
perform any actions, he performs them; if he is
minded to wish for sons and cattle, he wishes for them; if
he is minded to wish for this world and the
other, he wishes for them. For mind is indeed the self,
mind is the world, mind is Brahman. Meditate on
the mind.
`He who meditates on the mind as Brahman, is, as
it were, lord and master as far as the mind
reaches he who meditates on the mind as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than mind?'
`Yes, there is something better than mind.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Will (sankalpa) is better than mind. For when a
man wills, then he thinks in his mind, then he
sends forth speech, and he sends it forth in a name. In a
name the sacred hymns are contained, in the
sacred hymns all sacrifices.
`All these therefore (beginning with mind and
ending in sacrifice) centre in will, consist of will,
abide in will. Heaven and earth willed, air and ether
willed, water and fire willed. Through the will of
heaven and earth &c. rain wills; through the will of rain
food wills; through the will of food the vital airs
will; through the will of the vital airs the sacred hymns will;
through the will of the sacred hymns the
sacrifices will; through the will of the sacrifices the world
(as their reward) wills; through the will of the
world everything wills. This is will. Meditate on will.
`He who meditates on will as Brahman, he, being
himself safe, firm, and undistressed, obtains the
safe, firm, and undistressed worlds which he has willed;
he is, as it were, lord and master as far as will
reaches he who meditates on will as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than will?'
`Yes, there is something better than will.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Consideration (kitta) is better than will. For when
a man considers, then he wills, then he thinks
in his mind, then he sends forth speech, and he sends it
forth in a name. In a name the sacred hymns are
contained, in the sacred hymns all sacrifices.
`All these (beginning with mind and ending in
sacrifice) centre in consideration, consist of
consideration, abide in consideration. Therefore if a man
is inconsiderate, even if he possesses much
learning, people say of him, he is nothing, whatever he
may know; for, if he were learned, he would not be
so inconsiderate. But if a man is considerate, even
though he knows but little, to him indeed do people
listen gladly. Consideration is the centre, consideration is
the self, consideration is the support of all
these. Meditate on consideration.
`He who meditates on consideration as Brahman,
he, being himself safe, firm, and undistressed,
obtains the safe, firm, and undistressed worlds which he
has considered; he is, as it were, lord and master
as far as consideration reaches he who meditates on
consideration as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than consideration?'
`Yes, there is something better than consideration.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Reflection (dhyana) is better than consideration.
The earth reflects, as it were, and thus does the
sky, the heaven, the water, the mountains, gods and
men. Therefore those who among men obtain
greatness here on earth, seem to have obtained a part of
the object of reflection (because they show a
certain repose of manner). Thus while small and vulgar
people are always quarrelling, abusive, and
slandering, great men seem to have obtained a part of
the reward of reflection. Meditate on reflection.
`He who meditates on reflection as Brahman, is
lord and master, as it were, as far as reflection
reaches he who meditates on reflection as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than reflection?'
`Yes, there is something better than reflection.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Understanding (vignana) is better than reflection.
Through understanding we understand the Rigveda, the Yagur-veda, the Sama-veda, and as the fourth
the Atharvana, as the fifth the Itihasa-purana, the
Veda of the Vedas, the Pitrya, the Rasi, the Daiva, the
Nidhi, the Vakovakya, the Ekayana, the Devavidya, the Brahma-vidya, the Bhuta-vidya, the Kshatravidya the Nakshatra-vidya, the Sarpa and
Devagana-vidya, heaven, earth, air, ether, water, fire,
gods, men, cattle, birds, herbs, trees, all beasts down
to worms, midges, and ants; what is right and what is
wrong; what is true and what is false; what is good
and what is bad; what is pleasing and what is not
pleasing; food and savour, this world and that, all this
we understand through understanding. Meditate on
understanding.
`He who meditates on understanding as Brahman,
reaches the worlds where there is understanding
and knowledge; he is, as it were, lord and master as far
as understanding reaches he who meditates on
understanding as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than understanding?'
`Yes, there is something better than understanding.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Power (bala) is better than understanding. One
powerful man shakes a hundred men of
understanding. If a man is powerful, he becomes a rising
man. If he rises, he becomes a man who visits
wise people. If he visits, he becomes a follower of wise
people. If he follows them, he becomes a seeing, a
hearing, a perceiving, a knowing, a doing, an
understanding man. By power the earth stands firm, and
the sky, and the heaven, and the mountains, gods and
men, cattle, birds, herbs, trees, all beasts down to
worms, midges, and ants; by power the world stands firm.
Meditate on power.
`He who meditates on power as Brahman, is, as it
were, lord and master as far as power reaches
he who meditates on power as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than power?'
`Yes, there is something better than power.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Food (anna) is better than power. Therefore if a
man abstain from food for ten days, though he
live, he would be unable to see, hear, perceive, think, act,
and understand. But when he obtains food, he
is able to see, hear, perceive, think, act, and understand.
Meditate on food.
`He who meditates on food as Brahman, obtains
the worlds rich in food and drink; he is, as it were,
lord and master as far as food reaches he who
meditates on food as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than food?'
`Yes, there is something better than food.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Water (ap) is better than food. Therefore if there
is not sufficient rain, the vital spirits fail from
fear that there will be less food. But if there is sufficient
rain, the vital spirits rejoice, because there will
be much food. This water, on assuming different forms,
becomes this earth, this sky, this heaven, the
mountains, gods and men, cattle, birds, herbs and trees,
all beasts down to worms, midges, and ants.
Water indeed assumes all these forms. Meditate on
water.
`He who meditates on water as Brahman, obtains
all wishes, he becomes satisfied; he is, as it
were, lord and master as far as water reaches he who
meditates on water as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than water?'
`Yes, there is something better than water.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Fire (tegas) is better than water. For fire united
with air, warms the ether. Then people say, It is
hot, it burns, it will rain. Thus does fire, after showing this
sign (itself) first, create water. And thus
again thunderclaps come with lightnings, flashing
upwards and across the sky. Then people say, There is
lightning and thunder, it will rain. Then also does fire,
after showing this sign first, create water.
Meditate on fire.
`He who meditates on fire as Brahman, obtains,
resplendent himself, resplendent worlds, full of
light and free of darkness; he is, as it were, lord and
master as far as fire reaches he who meditates on
fire as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than fire?'
`Yes, there is something better than fire.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Ether (or space) is better than fire. For in the
ether exist both sun and moon, the lightning, stars,
and fire (agni). Through the ether we call, through the
ether we hear, through the ether we answer. In
the ether or space we rejoice (when we are together), and
rejoice not (when we are separated). In the ether
everything is born, and towards the ether everything
tends when it is born. Meditate on ether.
`He who meditates on ether as Brahman, obtains
the worlds of ether and of light, which are free
from pressure and pain, wide and spacious; he is, as it
were, lord and master as far as ether reaches he
who meditates on ether as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than ether?'
`Yes, there is something better than ether.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Memory (smara) is better than ether. Therefore
where many are assembled together, if they have
no memory, they would hear no one, they would not
perceive, they would not understand. Through
memory we know our sons, through memory our cattle.
Meditate on memory.
`He who meditates on memory as Brahman, is,
as it were, lord and master as far as memory
reaches he who meditates on memory as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than memory?'
`Yes, there is something better than memory.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Hope (asa) is better than memory. Fired by
hope does memory read the sacred hymns, perform
sacrifices, desire sons and cattle, desire this world and
the other. Meditate on hope.
`He who meditates on hope as Brahman, all his
desires are fulfilled by hope, his prayers are not in
vain; he is, as it were, lord and master as far as hope
reaches he who meditates on hope as Brahman.'
`Sir, is there something better than hope?'
`Yes, there is something better than hope.'
`Sir, tell it me.'

`Spirit (prana) is better than hope. As the spokes
of a wheel hold to the nave, so does all this
(beginning with names and ending in hope) hold to spirit.
That spirit moves by the spirit, it gives spirit to
the spirit. Father means spirit, mother is spirit, brother is
spirit, sister is spirit, tutor is spirit, Brahmana is
spirit.
`For if one says anything unbecoming to a father,
mother, brother, sister, tutor or Brahmana, then
people say, Shame on thee! thou hast offended thy
father, mother, brother, sister, tutor, or a Brahmana.
`But, if after the spirit has departed from them,
one shoves them together with a poker, and burns
them to pieces, no one would say, Thou offendest thy
father, mother, brother, sister, tutor or a Brahmana.
`Spirit then is all this. He who sees this,
perceives this, and understands this, becomes an
ativadin. If people say to such a man, Thou art an
ativadin, he may say, I am an ativadin; he need not
deny it.'

`But in reality he is an ativadin who declares the
Highest Being to be the True (Satya, {to ontos
on [greek]}).'
`Sir, may I become an ativadin by the True?'
`But we must desire to know the True.'
`Sir, I desire to know the True.'

`When one understands the True, then one
declares the True. One who does not understand it,
does not declare the True. Only he who understands it,
declares the True. This understanding, however,
we must desire to understand.'
`Sir, I desire to understand it.'

`When one perceives, then one understands.
One who does not perceive, does not understand.
Only he who perceives, understands. This perception,
however, we must desire to understand.'
`Sir, I desire to understand it.'

`When one believes, then one perceives. One
who does not believe, does not perceive. Only he
who believes, perceives. This belief, however, we must
desire to understand.'
`Sir, I desire to understand it.'

`When one attends on a tutor (spiritual guide),
then one believes. One who does not attend on a
tutor, does not believe. Only he who attends, believes.
This attention on a tutor, however, we must desire
to understand.'
`Sir, I desire to understand it.'

`When one performs all sacred duties, then one
attends really on a tutor. One who does not
perform his duties, does not really attend on a tutor. Only
he who performs his duties, attends on his
tutor. This performance of duties, however, we must
desire to understand.'
`Sir, I desire to understand it.'

`When one obtains bliss (in oneself), then one
performs duties. One who does not obtain bliss,
does not perform duties. Only he who obtains bliss,
performs duties. This bliss, however, we must desire
to understand.'
`Sir, I desire to understand it.'

`The Infinite (bhuman) is bliss. There is no bliss
in anything finite. Infinity only is bliss. This
Infinity, however, we must desire to understand.'
`Sir, I desire to understand it.'

`Where one sees nothing else, hears nothing
else, understands nothing else, that is the Infinite.
Where one sees something else, hears something else,
understands something else, that is the finite. The
Infinite is immortal, the finite is mortal.'
`Sir, in what does the Infinite rest?'
`In its own greatness or not even in greatness.'
`In the world they call cows and horses,
elephants and gold, slaves, wives, fields and houses
greatness. I do not mean this,' thus he spoke; `for in that
case one being (the possessor) rests in something
else, (but the Infinite cannot rest in something different
from itself.)

`The Infinite indeed is below, above, behind,
before, right and left it is indeed all this.
`Now follows the explanation of the Infinite as the I: I am
below, I am above, I am behind, before, right
and left I am all this.
`Next follows the explanation of the Infinite as the
Self: Self is below, above, behind, before, right
and left Self is all this.
`He who sees, perceives, and understands this, loves the
Self, delights in the Self, revels in the Self,
rejoices in the Self he becomes a Svarag, (an autocrat
or self-ruler); he is lord and master in all the
worlds.
`But those who think differently from this, live in
perishable worlds, and have other beings for their
rulers.

`To him who sees, perceives, and understands
this, the spirit (prana) springs from the Self, hope
springs from the Self, memory springs from the Self; so
do ether, fire, water, appearance and
disappearance, food, power, understanding, reflection,
consideration, will, mind, speech, names, sacred
hymns, and sacrifices aye, all this springs from the Self.
`There is this verse, "He who sees this, does not
see death, nor illness, nor pain; he who sees this,
sees everything, and obtains everything everywhere.
`"He is one (before creation), he becomes three (fire,
water, earth), he becomes five, he becomes seven, he
becomes nine; then again he is called the eleventh, and
hundred and ten and one thousand and twenty."
`When the intellectual aliment has been purified, the
whole nature becomes purified. When the whole
nature has been purified, the memory becomes firm. And
when the memory (of the Highest Self) remains
firm, then all the ties (which bind us to a belief in anything
but the Self) are loosened.
`The venerable Sanatkumara showed to Narada, after his
faults had been rubbed out, the other side of
darkness. They call Sanatkumara Skanda, yea, Skanda
they call him.'
Eighth Prapathaka

Harih, Om. There is this city of Brahman (the
body), and in it the palace, the small lotus (of the
heart), and in it that small ether. Now what exists within
that small ether, that is to be sought for, that is
to be understood.
And if they should say to him: `Now with regard to
that city of Brahman, and the palace in it, i.e.
the small lotus of the heart, and the small ether within the
heart, what is there within it that deserves to be
sought for, or that is to be understood?'
Then he should say: `As large as this ether (all
space) is, so large is that ether within the heart.
Both heaven and earth are contained within it, both fire
and air, both sun and moon, both lightning and
stars; and whatever there is of him (the Self) here in the
world, and whatever is not (i.e. whatever has
been or will be), all that is contained within it.'
And if they should say to him: `If everything that
exists is contained in that city of Brahman, all
beings and all desires (whatever can be imagined or
desired), then what is left of it, when old age reaches
it and scatters it, or when it falls to pieces?'
Then he should say: `By the old age of the body,
that (the ether, or Brahman within it) does not
age; by the death of the body, that (the ether, or Brahman
within it) is not killed. That (the Brahman) is
the true Brahma-city (not the body). In it all desires are
contained. It is the Self, free from sin, free from
old age, from death and grief, from hunger and thirst,
which desires nothing but what it ought to desire,
and imagines nothing but what it ought to imagine. Now
as here on earth people follow as they are
commanded, and depend on the object which they are
attached to, be it a country or a piece of land,
`And as here on earth, whatever has been
acquired by exertion, perishes, so perishes whatever is
acquired for the next world by sacrifices and other good
actions performed on earth. Those who depart
from hence without having discovered the Self and those
true desires, for them there is no freedom in all
the worlds. But those who depart from hence, after
having discovered the Self and those true desires, for
them there is freedom in all the worlds.

`Thus he who desires the world of the fathers, by
his mere will the fathers come to receive him,
and having obtained the world of the fathers, he is happy.
`And he who desires the world of the mothers, by
his mere will the mothers come to receive him,
and having obtained the world of the mothers, he is
happy.
`And he who desires the world of the brothers, by
his mere will the brothers come to receive him,
and having obtained the world of the brothers, he is
happy.
`And he who desires the world of the sisters, by
his mere will the sisters come to receive him, and
having obtained the world of the sisters, he is happy.
`And he who desires the world of the friends, by
his mere will the friends come to receive him, and
having obtained the world of the friends, he is happy.
`And he who desires the world of perfumes and
garlands (gandhamalya), by his mere will
perfumes and garlands come to him, and having obtained
the world of perfumes and garlands, he is
happy.
`And he who desires the world of food and drink,
by his mere will food and drink come to him,
and having obtained the world of food and drink, he is
happy.
`And he who desires the world of song and music,
by his mere will song and music come to him,
and having obtained the world of song and music, he is
happy.
`And he who desires the world of women, by his
mere will women come to receive him, and
having obtained the world of women, he is happy.
`Whatever object he is attached to, whatever object he
desires, by his mere will it comes to him, and
having obtained it, he is happy.

`These true desires, however, are hidden by what
is false; though the desires be true, they have a
covering which is false. Thus, whoever belonging to us
has departed this life, him we cannot gain back,
so that we should see him with our eyes.
`Those who belong to us, whether living or
departed, and whatever else there is which we wish for
and do not obtain, all that we find there (if we descend
into our heart, where Brahman dwells, in the ether
of the heart). There are all our true desires, but hidden by
what is false. As people who do not know the
country, walk again and again over a gold treasure that
has been hidden somewhere in the earth and do
not discover it, thus do all these creatures day after day
go into the Brahma-world (they are merged in
Brahman, while asleep), and yet do not discover it,
because they are carried away by untruth (they do not
come to themselves, i.e. they do not discover the true
Self in Brahman, dwelling in the heart).
`That Self abides in the heart. And this is the
etymological explanation. The heart is called hridayam, instead of hridy-ayam, i.e. He who is in the heart.
He who knows this, that He is in the heart, goes
day by day (when in sushupti, deep sleep) into heaven
(svarga), i.e. into the Brahman of the heart.
`Now that serene being which, after having risen
from out this earthly body, and having reached
the highest light (self-knowledge), appears in its true
form, that is the Self,' thus he spoke (when asked by
his pupils). This is the immortal, the fearless, this is
Brahman. And of that Brahman the name is the
True, Satyam,
This name Sattyam consists of three syllables, satti-yam. Sat signifies the immortal, t, the mortal,
and with yam he binds both. Because he binds both, the
immortal and the mortal, therefore it is yam. He
who knows this goes day by day into heaven (svarga).

That Self is a bank, a boundary, so that these
worlds may not be confounded. Day and night do not
pass that bank, nor old age, death, and grief; neither
good nor evil deeds. All evil-doers turn back from it,
for the world of Brahman is free from all evil.
Therefore he who has crossed that bank, if blind,
ceases to be blind; if wounded, ceases to be
wounded; if afflicted, ceases to be afflicted. Therefore
when that bank has been crossed, night becomes
day indeed, for the world of Brahman is lighted up once
for all.
And that world of Brahman belongs to those only
who find it by abstinence for them there is
freedom in all the worlds.

What people call sacrifice (yagna), that is really
abstinence (brahmakarya). For he who knows,
obtains that (world of Brahman, which others obtain by
sacrifice), by means of abstinence.
What people call sacrifice (ishta), that is really abstinence,
for by abstinence, having searched (ishtva), he
obtains the Self.
What people call sacrifice (sattrayana), that is
really abstinence, for by abstinence he obtains from
the Sat (the true), the safety (trana) of the Self.
What people call the vow of silence (mauna), that is really
abstinence, for he who by abstinence has found
out the Self, meditates (manute).
What people call fasting (anasakayana), that is
really abstinence, for that Self does not perish (na
nasyati), which we find out by abstinence.
What people call a hermit's life (aranyayana), that is really
abstinence. Ara and Nya are two lakes in the
world of Brahman, in the third heaven from hence; and
there is the lake Airammadiya, and the Asvattha
tree, showering down Soma, and the city of Brahman
(Hiranyagarbha) Aparagita, and the golden Prabhuvimita (the hall built by Prabhu, Brahman).
Now that world of Brahman belongs to those who find the
lakes Ara and Nya in the world of Brahman by
means of abstinence; for them there is freedom in all the
worlds.

Now those arteries of the heart consist of a brown
substance, of a white, blue, yellow, and red
substance, and so is the sun brown, white, blue, yellow,
and red.
As a very long highway goes to two places, to one
at the beginning, and to another at the end, so
do the rays of the sun go to both worlds, to this one and
to the other. They start from the sun, and enter
into those arteries; they start from those arteries, and
enter into the sun.
And when a man is asleep, reposing, and at
perfect rest, so that he sees no dream, then he has
entered into those arteries. Then no evil touches him, for
he has obtained the light (of the sun).
And when a man falls ill, then those who sit round
him, say, `Do you know me? Do you know
me?' As long as he has not departed from this body, he
knows them.
But when he departs from this body, then he
departs upwards by those very rays (towards the
worlds which he has gained by merit, not by knowledge);
or he goes out while meditating on Om (and
thus securing an entrance into the Brahma-loka). And
while his mind is failing, he is going to the sun.
For the sun is the door of the world (of Brahman). Those
who know, walk in; those who do not know, are
shut out. There is this verse:
`There are a hundred and one arteries of the
heart; one of them penetrates the crown of the head;
moving upwards by it a man reaches the immortal; the
others serve for departing in different directions,
yea, in different directions.'

Pragapati said: `The Self which is free from sin,
free from old age, from death and grief, from
hunger and thirst, which desires nothing but what it ought
to desire, and imagines nothing but what it
ought to imagine, that it is which we must search out, that
it is which we must try to understand. He who
has searched out that Self and understands it, obtains all
worlds and all desires.'
The Devas (gods) and Asuras (demons) both
heard these words, and said: `Well, let us search for
that Self by which, if one has searched it out, all worlds
and all desires are obtained.'
Thus saying Indra went from the Devas, Virokana from
the Asuras, and both, without having
communicated with each other, approached Pragapati,
holding fuel in their hands, as is the custom for
pupils approaching their master.
They dwelt there as pupils for thirty-two years.
Then Pragapati asked them: `For what purpose
have you both dwelt here?'
They replied: `A saying of yours is being repeated, viz.
"the Self which is free from sin, free from old age,
from death and grief, from hunger and thirst, which
desires nothing but what it ought to desire, and
imagines nothing but what it ought to imagine, that it is
which we must search out, that it is which we
must try to understand. He who has searched out that
Self and understands it, obtains all worlds and all
desires." Now we both have dwelt here because we wish
for that Self.'
Pragapati said to them: `The person that is seen in
the eye, that is the Self. This is what I have
said. This is the immortal, the fearless, this is Brahman.'
They asked: `Sir, he who is perceived in the water, and
he who is perceived in a mirror, who is he?'
He replied: `He himself indeed is seen in all these.'

`Look at your Self in a pan of water, and whatever
you do not understand of your Self, come and
tell me.'
They looked in the water-pan. Then Pragapati said to
them: `What do you see?'
They said: `We both see the self thus altogether, a picture
even to the very hairs and nails.'
Pragapati said to them: `After you have adorned
yourselves, have put on your best clothes and
cleaned yourselves, look again into the water-pan.'
They, after having adorned themselves, having put on
their best clothes and cleaned themselves, looked
into the water-pan.
Pragapati said: `What do you see?'
They said: `Just as we are, well adorned, with our
best clothes and clean, thus we are both there,
Sir, well adorned, with our best clothes and clean.'
Pragapati said: `That is the Self, this is the immortal, the
fearless, this is Brahman.'
Then both went away satisfied in their hearts.
And Pragapati, looking after them, said: `They
both go away without having perceived and without
having known the Self, and whoever of these two,
whether Devas or Asuras, will follow this doctrine
(upanishad), will perish.'
Now Virokana, satisfied in his heart, went to the Asuras
and preached that doctrine to them, that the self
(the body) alone is to be worshipped, that the self (the
body) alone is to be served, and that he who
worships the self and serves the self, gains both worlds,
this and the next.
Therefore they call even now a man who does not
give alms here, who has no faith, and offers no
sacrifices, an Asura, for this is the doctrine (upanishad) of
the Asuras. They deck out the body of the dead
with perfumes, flowers, and fine raiment by way of
ornament, and think they will thus conquer that world.

But Indra, before he had returned to the Devas,
saw this difficulty. As this self (the shadow in the
water) is well adorned, when the body is well adorned,
well dressed, when the body is well dressed, well
cleaned, if the body is well cleaned, that self will also be
blind, if the body is blind, lame, if the body is
lame, crippled, if the body is crippled, and will perish in
fact as soon as the body perishes. Therefore I see
no good in this (doctrine).
Taking fuel in his hand he came again as a pupil to
Pragapati. Pragapati said to him: `Maghavat
(Indra), as you went away with Virokana, satisfied in your
heart, for what purpose did you come back?'
He said: `Sir, as this self (the shadow) is well adorned,
when the body is well adorned, well dressed, when
the body is well dressed, well cleaned, if the body is well
cleaned, that self will also be blind, if the body is
blind, lame, if the body is lame, crippled, if the body is
crippled, and will perish in fact as soon as the
body perishes. Therefore I see no good in this (doctrine).'
`So it is indeed, Maghavat,' replied Pragapati; `but
I shall explain him (the true Self) further to
you. Live with me another thirty-two years.'
He lived with him another thirty-two years, and then
Pragapati said:

`He who moves about happy in dreams, he is the
Self, this is the immortal, the fearless, this is
Brahman.'
Then Indra went away satisfied in his heart. But before
he had returned to the Devas, he saw this
difficulty. Although it is true that that self is not blind,
even if the body is blind, nor lame, if the body is
lame, though it is true that that self is not rendered faulty
by the faults of it (the body),
Nor struck when it (the body) is struck, nor lamed
when it is lamed, yet it is as if they struck him
(the self) in dreams, as if they chased him. He becomes
even conscious, as it were, of pain, and sheds
tears. Therefore I see no good in this.
Taking fuel in his hands, he went again as a pupil
to Pragapati. Pragapati said to him:
`Maghavat, as you went away satisfied in your heart, for
what purpose did you come back?'
He said: `Sir, although it is true that that self is not blind
even if the body is blind, nor lame, if the body is
lame, though it is true that that self is not rendered faulty
by the faults of it (the body),
Nor struck when it (the body) is struck, nor lamed
when it is lamed, yet it is as if they struck him
(the self) in dreams, as if they chased him. He becomes
even conscious, as it were, of pain, and sheds
tears. Therefore I see no good in this.'
`So it is indeed, Maghavat,' replied Pragapati; `but I shall
explain him (the true Self) further to you. Live
with me another thirty-two years.'
He lived with him another thirty-two years. Then
Pragapati said:

`When a man being asleep, reposing, and at
perfect rest, sees no dreams, that is the Self, this is
the immortal, the fearless, this is Brahman.'
Then Indra went away satisfied in his heart. But before
he had returned to the Devas, he saw this
difficulty. In truth he thus does not know himself (his self)
that he is I, nor does he know anything that
exists. He is gone to utter annihilation. I see no good in
this.
Taking fuel in his hand he went again as a pupil
to Pragapati. Pragapati said to him: `Maghavat,
as you went away satisfied in your heart, for what
purpose did you come back?'
He said: `Sir, in that way he does not know himself (his
self) that he is I, nor does he know anything that
exists. He is gone to utter annihilation. I see no good in
this.'
`So it is indeed, Maghavat,' replied Pragapati; but
I shall explain him (the true Self ) further to
you, and nothing more than this. Live here other five
years.'
He lived there other five years. This made in all one
hundred and one years, and therefore it is said that
Indra Maghavat lived one hundred and one years as a
pupil with Pragapati. Pragapati said to him:

`Maghavat, this body is mortal and always held
by death. It is the abode of that Self which is
immortal and without body. When in the body (by
thinking this body is I and I am this body) the Self is
held by pleasure and pain. So long as he is in the body,
he cannot get free from pleasure and pain. But
when he is free of the body (when he knows himself
different from the body), then neither pleasure nor
pain touches him.
`The wind is without body, the cloud, lightning,
and thunder are without body (without hands,
feet, &c.) Now as these, arising from this heavenly ether
(space), appear in their own form, as soon as
they have approached the highest light,
`Thus does that serene being, arising from this
body, appear in its own form, as soon as it has
approached the highest light (the knowledge of Self). He
(in that state) is the highest person (uttama
purusha). He moves about there laughing (or eating),
playing, and rejoicing (in his mind), be it with
women, carriages, or relatives, never minding that body
into which he was born.
`Like as a horse attached to a cart, so is the spirit (prana,
pragnatman) attached to this body.
`Now where the sight has entered into the void
(the open space, the black pupil of the eye), there
is the person of the eye, the eye itself is the instrument of
seeing. He who knows, let me smell this, he is
the Self, the nose is the instrument of smelling. He who
knows, let me say this, he is the Self, the tongue
is the instrument of saying. He who knows, let me hear
this, he is the Self, the ear is the instrument of
hearing.
`He who knows, let me think this, he is the Self,
the mind is his divine eye. He, the Self, seeing
these pleasures (which to others are hidden like a buried
treasure of gold) through his divine eye, i.e. the
mind, rejoices.
`The Devas who are in the world of Brahman meditate on
that Self (as taught by Pragapati to Indra, and
by Indra to the Devas). Therefore all worlds belong to
them, and all desires. He who knows that Self and
understands it, obtains all worlds and all desires.' Thus
said Pragapati, yea, thus said Pragapati.

From the dark (the Brahman of the heart) I come
to the nebulous (the world of Brahman), from
the nebulous to the dark, shaking off all evil, as a horse
shakes his hairs, and as the moon frees herself
from the mouth of Rahu. Having shaken off the body, I
obtain, self made and satisfied, the uncreated
world of Brahman, yea, I obtain it.

He who is called ether (akasa) is the revealer of
all forms and names. That within which these
forms and names are contained is the Brahman, the
Immortal, the Self.
I come to the hall of Pragapati, to the house; I am the
glorious among Brahmans, glorious among princes,
glorious among men. I obtained that glory, I am glorious
among the glorious. May I never go to the
white, toothless, yet devouring, white abode; may I never
go to it.

Brahma (Hiranyagarbha or Paramesvara) told
this to Pragapati (Kasyapa), Pragapati to Manu (his
son), Manu to mankind. He who has learnt the Veda from
a family of teachers, according to the sacred
rule, in the leisure time left from the duties to be
performed for the Guru, who, after receiving his
discharge, has settled in his own house, keeping up the
memory of what he has learnt by repeating it
regularly in some sacred spot, who has begotten virtuous
sons, and concentrated all his senses on the Self,
never giving pain to any creature, except at the tirthas
(sacrifices, &c.), he who behaves thus all his life,
reaches the world of Brahman, and does not return, yea,
he does not return.
Note: In this manner all the five questions have
been answered. First why in the fifth oblation
water is called man; secondly, to what place men go after
death, some by the path of the Devas, others by
the path of the fathers, others again by neither of these
paths; thirdly, how they return, some returning to
Brahman, others returning to the earth; fourthly, where
the paths of the Devas and the fathers diverge,
viz. when from the half-year the path of the Devas goes
on to the year, while that of the fathers branches
off to the world of the fathers; fifthly, why that world, the
other world, does never become full, viz.
because men either go on to Brahman or return again to
this world.
Many questions are raised among Indian philosophers on
the exact meaning of certain passages occuring
in the preceding paragraphs. First, as to who is admitted
to the path of the Devas? Householders, who
know the secret doctrine of the five fires or the five
libations of the Agnihotra, as described above, while
other householders, who only perform the ordinary
sacrifices, without a knowledge of their secret
meaning, go by the path of the fathers. Secondly, those
who have retired to the forest, and whose worship
there consists in faith and austerities, i.e. Vanaprasthas
and Parivragakas, before they arrive at a
knowledge of the true Brahman. The question then
arises, whether religious students also enter the path
of the Devas? This is affirmed, because Puranas and
Smritis assert it, or because our text, if properly
understood, does not exclude it. Those, on the contrary
who know not only a conditioned, but the highest
unconditioned Brahman, do not proceed on the path of
the Devas, but obtain Brahman immediately.
Again, there is much difference of opinion whether, after a
man has been in the moon, consuming his
works, he can be born again. Birth is the result of former
works, and if former works are altogether
consumed, there cna be no new birth. This, however, is
shown to be an erroneous view, because, besides
the good sacrificial works, the fruits of which are
consumed in the moon, there are other works which
have to be enjoyed or expiated, as the case may be, in a
new existence.
The great difficulty or danger in the round of
transmigration arises when the rain has fructified the
earth,
and passes into herbs and trees, rice, corn, and beans.
For, first of all, some of the rain does not fructify at
once, but falls into rivers and into the sea, to be
swallowed up by the fishes and sea monsters. Then, only
after these have been dissolved in the sea, and after the
sea water has been attracted by the clouds, the rain
falls down again, it may be on desert or stony land. Here
it may be swallowed by snakes or deer, and these
may be swallowed by other animals, so that the round of
existence seems endless. Nor is this all. Some
rain may dry up, or be absorbed by bodies that cannot be
eaten. Then, if the rain is absorbed by rice, corn,
&c., and this be eaten, it may be eaten by children or by
men who have renounced marriage, and thus
again lose the chance of a new birth. Lastly there is the
danger arising from the nature of the being in
whom the food, such as rice and corn, becomes a new
seed, and likewise from the nature of the mother.
All these chances have to be met before a new birth as a
Brahmana, Kshatriya, or Vaisya can be secured.
Another curious distinction is here made by Sankara in
his commentary. There are some, he says, who
assume the form of rice, corn, &c., not in their descent
from the higher world, as described in the
Upanishad, but as a definite punishment for certain evil
deeds they have committed. These remain in that
state till the results of their evil deeds are over, and
assume then a new body, according to their work, like
caterpillars. With them there is also a consciousness of
these states, and the acts which caused them to
assume this or that body, leave impressions behind, like
dreams. This is not the case with those who in
their descent from the moon, pass, as we saw, through
an existence as rice, corn, &c. They have no
consciousness of such existences, at least not in their
descent. In their ascent to the moon, they have
consciousness, as a man who climbs up a tree knows
what he is about. But in their descent, that
consciouysness is gone, as it is when a man falls down
from a tree. Otherwise a man, who by his good
works had deserved rewards in the moon, would while
corn is being ground, suffer tortures, as if he were
in hell, and the very object of good works, as taught by
the Veda, would be defeated. As we see that a
man struck by a hammer can be carried away
unconscious, so it is in the descent of souls, till they are
born
again as men, and gain a new start for attainment of the
Highest Brahman.
Talavakara Upanishad
or Kena-upanishad

The Pupil asks: `At whose wish does the mind sent
forth proceed on its errand? At whose command
does the first breath go forth? At whose wish do we utter
this speech? What god directs the eye, or the
ear?'
The Teacher replies: `It is the ear of the ear, the
mind of the mind, the speech of speech, the breath
of breath, and the eye of the eye. When freed (from the
senses) the wise, on departing from this world,
become immortal.
`The eye does not go thither, nor speech, nor mind.
We do not know, we do not understand, how any
one can teach it.
`It is different from the known, it is also above the
unknown, thus we have heard from those of old,
who taught us this.
`That which is not expressed by speech and by
which speech is expressed, that alone know as
Brahman, not that which people here adore.
`That which does not think by mind, and by which,
they say, mind is thought, that alone know as
Brahman, not that which people here adore.
`That which does not see by the eye, and by which
one sees (the work of) the eyes, that alone know as
Brahman, not that which people here adore.
`That which does not hear by the ear, and by which
the ear is heard, that alone know as Brahman,
not that which people here adore.
`That which does not breathe by breath, and by
which breath is drawn, that alone know as Brahman,
not that which people here adore.'

The Teacher says: `If thou thinkest I know it well,
then thou knowest surely but little, what is that
form of Brahman known, it may be, to thee?'
The Pupil says: `I do not think I know it well, nor do I
know that I do not know it. He among us who
knows this, he knows it, nor does he know that he does
not know it.
`He by whom it (Brahman) is not thought, by him it is
thought; he by whom it is thought, knows it
not. It is not understood by those who understand it, it is
understood by those who do not understand it.
`It is thought to be known (as if) by awakening, and
(then) we obtain immortality indeed. By the
Self we obtain strength, by knowledge we obtain
immortality.
`If a man know this here, that is the true (end of life);
if he does not know this here, then there is
great destruction (new births). The wise who have
thought on all things (and recognised the Self in them)
become immortal, when they have departed from this
world.'

Brahman obtained the victory for the Devas. The
Devas became elated by the victory of Brahman,
and they thought, this victory is ours only, this greatness
is ours only.
Brahman perceived this and appeared to them. But
they did not know it, and said: `What sprite
(yaksha or yakshya) is this?'
They said to Agni (fire): `O Gatavedas, find out what
sprite this is.' `Yes,' he said.
He ran toward it, and Brahman said to him: `Who are
you?' He replied: `I am Agni, I am Gatavedas.'
Brahman said: `What power is in you?' Agni replied:
`I could burn all whatever there is on earth.'
Brahman put a straw before him, saying: `Burn this.'
He went towards it with all his might, but he
could not burn it. Then he returned thence and said: `I
could not find out what sprite this is.'
Then they said to Vayu (air): `O Vayu, find out what
sprite this is.' `Yes,' he said.
He ran toward it, and Brahman said to him: `Who are
you?' He replied: `I am Vayu, I am
Matarisvan.'
Brahman said: `What power is in you?' Vayu
replied: `I could take up all whatever there is on earth.'
Brahman put a straw before him, saying: `Take it
up.' He went towards it with all his might, but he
could not take it up. Then he returned thence and said: `I
could not find out what sprite this is.'
Then they said to Indra: `O Maghavan, find out
what sprite this is.' He went towards it, but it
disappeared from before him.
Then in the same space (ether) he came towards a
woman, highly adorned: it was Uma, the
daughter of Himavat. He said to her: `Who is that sprite?'

She replied: `It is Brahman. It is through the victory
of Brahman that you have thus become great.'
After that he knew that it was Brahman.
Therefore these Devas, viz. Agni, Vayu, and Indra,
are, as it were, above the other gods, for they
touched it (the Brahman) nearest.
And therefore Indra is, as it were, above the other
gods, for he touched it nearest, he first knew it.
This is the teaching of Brahman, with regard to the
gods (mythological): It is that which now flashes
forth in the lightning, and now vanishes again.
And this is the teaching of Brahman, with regard to
the body (psychological): It is that which seems
to move as mind, and by it imagination remembers again
and again.
That Brahman is called Tadvana, by the name of
Tadvana it is to be meditated on. All beings have a
desire for him who knows this.
The Teacher: `As you have asked me to tell you the
Upanishad, the Upanishad has now been told
you. We have told you the Brahmi Upanishad.
`The feet on which that Upanishad stands are
penance, restraint, sacrifice; the Vedas are all its
limbs, the True is its abode.
`He who knows this Upanishad, and has shaken off
all evil, stands in the endless, unconquerable
world of heaven, yea, in the world of heaven.'
Aitareya-Aranyaka Upanishad
Part 1
First Aranyaka
First Adhyaya

Now follows the Mahavrata ceremony.
After having killed Vritra, Indra became great.
When he became great, then there was the
Mahavrata (the great work). This is why the Mahavrata
ceremony is called Mahavrata.
Some people say: `Let the priest make two
(recitations with the offering of the) agya (ghee) on
that day,' but the right thing is one.
He who desires prosperity should use the hymn,
pra vo devayagnaye (Rv. 3, 13, 1).
He who desires increase should use the hymn,
viso viso atithim (Rv. VIII, 74, 1).
The people (visah) indeed are increase, and
therefore he (the sacrificer) becomes increased.
But (some say), there is the word atithim (in that
hymn, which means a guest or stranger, asking
for food). Let him not therefore take that hymn. Verily,
the atithi (stranger) is able to go begging.
`No,' he said, `let him take that hymn.
`For he who follows the good road and obtains
distinction, he is an atithi (guest).
`They do not consider him who is not so,
worthy to be (called) an atithi (guest).
`Therefore let him by all means take that
hymn.'
If he takes that hymn, let him place the
(second) tristich, aganma vritrahantamam, `we came
near to the victorious,' first.
For people worship the whole year (performing
the Gavamayana sacrifice) wishing for this day
(the last but one) they do come near.
The (next following) three tristichs begin with
an Anushtubh. Now Brahman is Gayatri,
speech is Anushtubh. He thus joins speech with
Brahman.
He who desires glory should use the hymn,
abodhy agnih samidha gananam (Rv. 5, 1, 1).
He who desires offspring and cattle should use
the hymn, hotaganishta ketanah (Rv. 2, 5, 1).

He who desires proper food should use the
hymn, agnim naro didhitibhih (Rv. 7, 1, 1).
Verily, Agni (fire) is the eater of food.
In the other (recitations accompanying the) offerings of
agya (where Agni is likewise mentioned) the
worshippers come more slowly near to Agni (because the
name of Agni does not stand at the beginning of
the hymn). But here a worshipper obtains proper food at
once, he strikes down evil at once.
Through the words (occurring in the second foot
of the first verse), hastakyuti ganayanta, `they
caused the birth of Agni by moving their arms,' the hymn
becomes endowed with (the word) birth. Verily,
the sacrificer is born from this day of the sacrifice, and
therefore the hymn is endowed with (the word)
birth.
There are four metrical feet (in the Trishtubh
verses of this hymn). Verily, cattle have four feet,
therefore they serve for the gaining of cattle.
There are three metrical feet (in the Virag
verses of this hymn). Verily, three are these threefold
worlds. Therefore they serve for the conquest of the
worlds.
These (the Trishtubh and Virag verses of the
hymn) form two metres, which form a support
(pratishtha). Verily, man is supported by two (feet), cattle
by four feet. Therefore this hymn places the
sacrificer who stands on two feet among cattle which
stand on four.
By saying them straight on there are twenty-five
verses in this hymn. Man also consists of
twenty-five. There are ten fingers on his hands, ten toes
on his feet, two legs, two arms, and the trunk
(atman) the twenty-fifth. He adorns that trunk, the twentyfifth, by this hymn.
And then this day (of the sacrifice) consists of
twenty-five, and the Stoma hymn of that day
consists of twenty-five (verses); it becomes the same
through the same. Therefore these two, the day and
the hymn, are twenty-five.
These twenty-five verses, by repeating the first
thrice and the last thrice, become thirty less one.
This is a Virag verse (consisting of thirty syllables), too
small by one. Into the small (heart) the vital
spirits are placed, into the small stomach food is placed,
therefore this Virag, small by one, serves for the
obtainment of those desires.
He who knows this, obtains those desires.
The verses (contained in the hymn agnim naro
didhitibhih) become the Brihati metre and the
Virag metre, (they become) the perfection which belongs
to that day (the mahavrata). Then they also
become Anushtubh, for the offerings of agya (ghee) dwell
in Anushtubhs.

Some say: `Let him take a Gayatri hymn for the
Pra-uga. Verily, Gayatri is brightness and glory
of countenance, and thus the sacrificer becomes bright
and glorious.'
Others say: `Let him take a Ushnih hymn for the
Pra-uga. Verily, Ushnih is life, and thus the
sacrificer has a long life.'
Others say: `Let him take an Anushtubh hymn for the Prauga. Verily, Anushtubh is valour, and it serves
for obtaining valour.'
Others say: `Let him take a Brihati hymn for the Pra-uga.
Verily, Brihati is fortune, and thus the
sacrificer becomes fortunate.'
Others say: `Let him take a Pankti hymn for the Pra-uga.
Verily, Pankti is food, and thus the sacrificer
becomes rich in food.'
Others say: `Let him take a Trishtubh hymn for the Prauga. Verily, Trishtubh is strength, and thus the
sacrificer becomes strong.'
Others say: `Let him take a Gagati hymn for the Pra-uga.
Verily, cattle is Gagati-like, and thus the
sacrificer becomes rich in cattle.'
But we say: `Let him take a Gayatri hymn only.
Verily, Gayatri is Brahman, and that day (the
mahavrata) is (for the attainment of) Brahman. Thus he
obtains Brahman by means of Brahman.
`And it must be a Gayatri hymn by
Madhukkhandas,
`For Madhukkhandas is called Madhukkhandas,
because he wishes (khandati) for honey
(madhu) for the Rishis.
`Now food verily is honey, all is honey, all
desires are honey, and thus if he recites the hymn of
Madhukkhandas, it serves for the attainment of all
desires.
`He who knows this, obtains all desires.'
This (Gayatri pra-uga), according to the one-day (ekaha)
ceremonial, is perfect in form. On that day (the
mahavrata) much is done now and then which has to be
hidden, and has to be atoned for (by recitation of
hymns). Atonement (santi) is rest, the one-day sacrifice.
Therefore at the end of the year (on the last day
but one of the sacrifice that lasts a whole year) the
sacrificers rest on this atonement as their rest.
He who knows this rests firm, and they also for
whom a Hotri priest who knows this, recites this
hymn.

Rv. 1, 2, 1-3. Vayav a yahi darsateme soma
aram kritah, `Approach, O Vayu, conspicuous,
these Somas have been made ready.' Because the word
ready occurs in these verses, therefore is this day
(of the sacrifice) ready (and auspicious) for the sacrificer
and for the gods.
Yes, this day is ready (and auspicious) to him
who knows this, or for whom a Hotri priest who
knows this, recites.
Rv. 1, 2, 4-6. Indravayu ime suta, a yatam upa
nishkritam, `Indra and Vayu, these Somas are
prepared, come hither towards what has been prepared.'
By nishkrita, prepared, he means what has been
well prepared (samskrita).
Indra and Vayu go to what has been prepared
by him who knows this, or for whom a Hotri priest
who knows this, recites.
Rv. 1, 2, 7. Mitram huve putadaksham, dhiyam
ghritakim sadhanta, `I call Mitra of holy
strength; (he and Varuna) they fulfil the prayer
accompanied with clarified butter.' Verily, speech is the
prayer accompanied with clarified butter.
Speech is given to him who knows this, or for
whom a Hotri priest who knows this, recites.
Rv. 1, 3, 1. Asvina yagvarir ishah, `O Asvinau,
(eat) the sacrificial offerings.' Verily, the
sacrificial offerings are food, and this serves for the
acquirement of food.
Rv. 1, 3, 3. A yatam rudravartani, `Come hither,
ye Rudravartani.'
The Asvinau go to the sacrifice of him who
knows this, or for whom a Hotri priest who knows
this, recites.
Rv. 1, 3, 4-6. Indra yahi kitrabhano, indra yahi
dhiyeshitah, indra yahi tutugana, `Come
hither, Indra, of bright splendour, Come hither, Indra,
called by prayer, Come hither, Indra, quickly!'
Thus he recites, Come hither, come hither!
Indra comes to the sacrifice of him who knows
this, or for whom a Hotri priest who knows this,
recites.
Rv. 1, 3, 7. Omasas karshanidhrito visve
devasa a gata, `Visve Devas, protectors, supporters of
men, come hither!'
Verily, the Visve Devas come to the call of him
who knows this, or for whom a Hotri priest
who knows this, recites.
Rv. 1, 3, 7. Dasvamso dasushah sutam,
`Come ye givers to the libation of the giver!' By
dasushah he means dadushah, i.e. to the libation of every
one that gives.
The gods fulfil his wish, with whatever wish he
recites this verse,
(The wish of him) who knows this, or for whom
a Hotri priest who knows this, recites.
Rv. 1, 3, 10. Pavaka nah sarasvati yagnam
vashtu dhiyavasuh, `May the holy Sarasvati accept
our sacrifice, rich in prayer!' Speech is meant by `rich in
prayer.'
Speech is given to him who knows this, or for
whom a Hotri priest who knows this, recites.
And when he says, `May she accept our
sacrifice!' what he means is, `May she carry off our
sacrifice!'
If these verses are recited straight on, they are
twenty-one. Man also consists of twenty-one.
There are ten fingers on his hands, ten toes on his feet,
and the trunk the twenty-first. He adorns that
trunk, the twenty-first, by this hymn.
By repeating the first and the last verses thrice,
they become twenty-five. The trunk is the
twenty-fifth, and Pragapati is the twenty-fifth. There are
ten fingers on his hands, ten toes on his feet, two
legs, two arms, and the trunk the twenty-fifth. He adorns
that trunk, the twenty-fifth, by this hymn.
Now this day consists of twenty-five, and the Stoma hymn
of that day consists of twenty-five: it becomes
the same through the same. Therefore these two, the
day and the hymn, are twenty-five, yea, twenty-five.
Second Adhyaya

The two trikas, Rv. VIII, 68, 1-3, a tva ratham
yathotaye, and Rv. VIII, 2, 1-3, idam vaso sutam
andhah, form the first (pratipad) and the second
(anukara) of the Marutvatiya hymn.
Both, as belonging to the one-day ceremonial,
are perfect in form. On that day much is done
now and then which has to be hidden, and has to be
atoned for. Atonement is rest, the one-day sacrifice.
Therefore at the end of the year the sacrificers rest on
this atonement as their rest. He who knows this
rests firm, and they also for whom a Hotri priest who
knows this, recites this hymn.
In the second verse of (the Pragatha), indra
nediya ed ihi, pra su tira sakibhir ye ta ukthinah
(Rv. VIII, 53, 5, 6), there occurs the word ukthinah,
reciters of hymns. Verily, this day (the mahavrata) is
an uktha (hymn), and as endowed with an uktha, the form
of this day is perfect.
In the first verse (of another Pragatha) the word
vira, strong, occurs (Rv. I, 40, 3), and as
endowed with the word vira, strong, the form of this day is
perfect.
In the second verse (of another Pragatha) the
word suviryam, strength, occurs (Rv. I, 40, 1), and
as endowed with the word suvirya, strength, the form of
this day is perfect.
In the first verse (of another Pragatha) the word
ukthyam, to be hymned, occurs (Rv. I, 40, 5).
Verily, this day is an uktha, and as endowed with an
uktha, the form of this day is perfect.
In the (Dhayya) verse agnir neta (Rv. III, 20, 4)
the word vritraha, killer of Vritra, occurs. The
killing of Vritra is a form (character) of Indra, this day (the
mahavrata) belongs to Indra, and this is the
(perfect) form of that day.
In the (Dhayya) verse tvam soma kratubhih
sukratur bhuh (Rv. I, 91, 2) the word vrisha,
powerful, occurs. Powerful is a form (character) of Indra,
this day belongs to Indra, and this is the
(perfect) form of that day.
In the (Dhayya) verse pinvanty apah (Rv. I, 64,
the word vaginam, endowed with food,
occurs. Endowed with food is a form (character) of Indra,
this day belongs to Indra, and this is the
(perfect) form of that day.
In the same verse the word stanayantam,
thundering, occurs. Endowed with thundering is a
form (character) of Indra, this day belongs to Indra, and
this is the (perfect) form of that day.
In (the Pragatha) pra va indraya brihate (Rv.
VIII, 89, 3) (the word brihat occurs). Verily,
brihat is mahat (great), and as endowed with mahat,
great, the form of this day (mahavrata) is perfect.
In (the Pragatha) brihad indraya gayata (Rv.
VIII, 89, 1) (the word brihat occurs). Verily,
brihat is mahat (great), and as endowed with mahat, the
form of this day is perfect.
In (the Pragatha) nakih sudaso ratham pary
asa na riramad (Rv. VII, 32, 10) the words paryasa
(he moved round) and na riramad (he did not enjoy)
occur, and as endowed with the words paryasta and
ranti the form of this day is perfect.
He recites all (these) Pragathas, in order to obtain all the
days (of the sacrifice), all the Ukthas, all the
Prishthas, all the Sastras, all the Pra-ugas, and all the
Savanas (libations).

He recites the hymn, asat su me garitah
sabhivegah (Rv. X, 27, 1), (and in it the word)
satyadhvritam, the destroyer of truth. Verily, that day is
truth, and as endowed with the word satya, truth,
the form of this day is perfect.
That hymn is composed by Vasukra. Verily,
Vasukra is Brahman, and that day is Brahman.
Thus he obtains Brahman by means of Brahman.
Here they say: `Why then is that Marutvatiya
hymn completed by the hymn of Vasukra?' Surely
because no other Rishi but Vasukra brought out a
Marutvatiya hymn, or divided it properly. Therefore
that Marutvatiya hymn is completed by the hymn of
Vasukra.
That hymn, asat su me, is not definitely
addressed to any deity, and is therefore supposed to be
addressed to Pragapati. Verily, Pragapati is indefinite,
and therefore the hymn serves to win Pragapati.
Once in the hymn (Rv. X, 27, 22) he defines
Indra (indraya sunvat); therefore it does not fall off
from its form, as connected with Indra.
He recites the hymn (Rv. 6, 17, 1) piba somam
abhi yam ugra tardah.
In the verse urvam gavyam mahi grinana indra
the word mahi, great, occurs. Endowed with the
word mahat, the form of this day is perfect.
That hymn is composed by Bharadvaga, and
Bharadvaga was he who knew most, who lived
longest, and performed the greatest austerities among
the Rishis, and by this hymn he drove away evil.
Therefore if he recites the hymn of Bharadvaga, then,
after having driven away evil, he becomes learned,
long-lived, and full of austerities.
He recites the hymn kaya subha savayasah
sanilah (Rv. 1, 165, 1).
In the verse a sasate prati haryanty uktha (Rv.
the word uktha, occurs. Verily, that
day (the mahavrata) is uktha (hymn). Endowed with the
word uktha, the form of this day becomes
perfect.
That hymn is called Kayasubhiya. Verily, that
hymn, which is called Kayasubhiya, is mutual
understanding and it is lasting. By means of it Indra,
Agastya, and the Maruts came to a mutual
understanding. Therefore, if he recites the Kayasubhiya
hymn, it serves for mutual understanding.
The same hymn is also long life. Therefore, if
the sacrificer is dear to the Hotri, let him recite
the Kayasubhiya hymn for him.
He recites the hymn marutvan indra vrishabo
ranaya (Rv. 3, 47, 1).
In it the words indra vrishabha (powerful)
occur. Verily, powerful is a form of Indra, this day
belongs to Indra, and this is the perfect form of that day.
That hymn is composed by Visvamitra. Verily,
Visvamitra was the friend (mitra) of all
(visva).
Everybody is the friend of him who knows this,
and for whom a Hotri priest who knows this,
recites this hymn.
The next hymn, ganishtha ugrah sahase
turaya (Rv. 1, 73, 1), forms a Nividdhana, and,
according to the one-day (ekaha) ceremonial, is perfect in
form. On that day much is done now and then
which has to be hidden, and has to be atoned for (by
recitation of hymns). Atonement is rest, the one-day
sacrifice. Therefore at the end of the year (on the last
day but one of the sacrifice that lasts a whole year)
the sacrificers rest on this atonement as their rest.
He who knows this rests firm, and they also for whom a
Hotri priest who knows this, recites this hymn.
These, if recited straight on, are ninety-seven
verses. The ninety are three Virag, each
consisting of thirty, and then the seven verses which are
over. Whatever is the praise of the seven, is the
praise of ninety also.
By repeating the first and last verses three
times each, they become one hundred and one
verses.
There are five fingers, of four joints each, two
pits (in the elbow and the arm), the arm, the eye,
the shoulder-blade; this makes twenty-five. The other
three parts have likewise twenty-five each. That
makes a hundred, and the trunk is the one hundred and
first.
Hundred is life, health, strength, brightness.
The sacrificer as the one hundred and first rests
in life, health, strength, and brightness.
These verses become Trishtubh, for the
noonday-libation consists of Trishtubh verses.

They say: `What is the meaning of prenkha,
swing?' Verily, he is the swing, who blows (the
wind). He indeed goes forward (pra + inkhate) in these
worlds, and that is why the swing is called
prenkha.
Some say, that there should be one plank,
because the wind blows in one way, and it should be
like the wind.
That is not to be regarded.
Some say, there should be three planks,
because there are these three threefold worlds, and it
should be like them.
That is not to be regarded.
Let there be two, for these two worlds (the earth
and heaven) are seen as if most real, while the
ether (space) between the two is the sky (antariksha).
Therefore let there be two planks.
Let them be made of Udumbara wood. Verily,
the Udumbara tree is sap and eatable food, and
thus it serves to obtain sap and eatable food.
Let them be elevated in the middle (between the
earth and the cross-beam). Food, if placed in
the middle, delights man, and thus he places the
sacrificer in the middle of eatable food.
There are two kinds of rope, twisted towards the
right and twisted towards the left. The right
ropes serve for some animals, the left ropes for others. If
there are both kinds of rope, they serve for the
attainment of both kinds of cattle.
Let them be made of Darbha (Kusa grass), for
among plants Darbha is free from evil, therefore
they should be made of Darbha grass.

Some say: `Let the swing be one ell (aratni)
above the ground, for by that measure verily the
Svarga worlds are measured.' That is not to be regarded.
Others say: `Let it be one span (pradesa), for by
that measure verily the vital airs were
measured.' That is not to be regarded.
Let it be one fist (mushti), for by that measure
verily all eatable food is made, and by that
measure all eatable food is taken; therefore let it be one
fist above the ground.
They say: `Let him mount the swing from east to
west, like he who shines; for the sun mounts
these worlds from east to west.' That is not to be
regarded.
Others say: `Let him mount the swing sideways,
for people mount a horse sideways, thinking
that thus they will obtain all desires.' That is not to be
regarded.
They say: `Let him mount the swing from
behind, for people mount a ship from behind, and this
swing is a ship in which to go to heaven.' Therefore let
him mount it from behind.
Let him touch the swing with his chin (khubuka).
The parrot (suka) thus mounts a tree, and he
is of all birds the one who eats most food. Therefore let
him touch it with his chin.
Let him mount the swing with his arms. The
hawk swoops thus on birds and on trees, and he is
of all birds the strongest. Therefore let him mount with his
arms.
Let him not withdraw one foot (the right or left)
from the earth, for fear that he may lose his
hold.
The Hotri mounts the swing, the Udgatri the
seat made of Udumbara wood. The swing is
masculine, the seat feminine, and they form a union.
Thus he makes a union at the beginning of the
uktha in order to get offspring.
He who knows this, gets offspring and cattle.
Next the swing is food, the seat fortune. Thus
he mounts and obtains food and fortune.
The Hotrakas (the Prasastri,
Brahmanakkhamsin, Potri, Neshtri, Agnidhra, and
Akkhavaka)
together with the Brahman sit down on cushions made of
grass, reeds, leaves, &c.
Plants and trees, after they have grown up,
bear fruit. Thus if the priests mount on that day
altogether (on their seats), they mount on solid and fluid
as their proper food. Therefore this serves for
the attainment of solid as proper food.
Some say: `Let him descend after saying
vashat.' That is not to be regarded. For, verily, that
respect is not shown which is shown to one who does not
see it.
Others say: `Let him descend after he has
taken the food in his hand.' That is not to be
regarded. For, verily, that respect is not shown which is
shown to one after he has approached quite close.
Let him descend after he has seen the food.
For, verily, that is real respect which is shown to
one when he sees it. Only after having actually seen the
food (that is brought to the sacrifice), let him
descend from the swing.
Let him descend turning towards the east, for
in the east the seed of the gods springs up.
Therefore let him rise turning towards the east, yea,
turning towards the east.
Third Adhyaya

Let him begin this day with singing `Him,' thus
they say.
Verily, the sound Him is Brahman, that day also
is Brahman. He who knows this, obtains
Brahman even by Brahman.
As he begins with the sound Him, surely that
masculine sound of Him and the feminine Rik (the
verse) make a couple. Thus he makes a couple at the
beginning of the hymn in order to get offspring. He
who knows this, gets cattle and offspring.
Or, as he begins with the sound Him, surely like
a wooden spade, so the sound Him serves to dig
up Brahman (the sap of the Veda). And as a man wishes
to dig up any, even the hardest soil, with a
spade, thus he digs up Brahman.
He who knows this digs up, by means of the
sound Him, everything he may desire.
If he begins with the sound Him, that sound is
the holding apart of divine and human speech.
Therefore, he who begins, after having uttered the sound
Him, holds apart divine and human speech.

And here they ask: `What is the beginning of
this day?' Let him say: `Mind and speech.'
All desires dwell in the one (mind), the other
yields all desires.
All desires dwell in the mind, for with the mind
he conceives all desires.
All desires come to him who knows this.
Speech yields all desires, for with speech he
declares all his desires.
Speech yields all desires to him who knows this.
Here they say: `Let him not begin this day with a
Rik, a Yagus, or a Saman verse (divine
speech), for it is said, he should not start with a Rik, a
Yagus, or a Saman.'
Therefore, let him say these Vyahritis (sacred
interjections) first.
These interjections Bhus, Bhuvas, Svar are the
three Vedas, Bhus the Rig-veda, Bhuvas the
Yagur-veda, Svar the Sama-veda. Therefore (by
intercalating these) he does not begin simply with a Rik,
Yagus, or Saman verse, he does not start with a Rik,
Yagus, or Saman verse.

He begins with tad, this, (the first word of the
first hymn, tad id asa). Verily `this, this' is food,
and thus he obtains food.
Pragapati indeed uttered this as the first word,
consisting of one or two syllables, viz. tata and
tata (or tat). And thus does a child, as soon as he begins
to speak, utter the word, consisting of one or two
syllables, viz. tata and tata (or tat). With this very word,
consisting of tat or tatta, he begins.
This has been said by a Rishi (Rv. X, 71, 1):
`O Brihaspati, the first point of speech;' for this
is the first and highest point of speech.
`That which you have uttered, making it a
name;' for names are made by speech.
`That (name) which was the best and without a
flaw;' for this is the best and without a flaw.
`That which was hidden by their love, is made
manifest;' for this was hidden in the body, viz.
those deities (which enter the body, Agni as voice,
entering the mouth, &c.); and that was manifest among
the gods in heaven. This is what was intended by the
verse.

He begins with: `That indeed was the oldest in
the worlds;' for that (the Brahman) is verily
the oldest in the worlds.
`Whence was born the fierce one, endowed with
brilliant force;' for from it was born the
fierce one, who is endowed with brilliant force.
`When born he at once destroys the enemies;'
for he at once when born struck down the evil
one.
`He after whom all friends rejoice;' verily all
friends are the creatures, and they rejoice after
him, saying, `He has risen, he has risen.'
`Growing by strength, the almighty;' for he (the
sun) does grow by strength, the almighty.
`He, as enemy, causes fear to the slave;' for
everything is afraid of him.
`Taking the breathing and the not-breathing;'
this means the living and the lifeless.
`Whatever has been offered at feasts came to
thee;' this means everything is in thy power.
`All turn their thought also on thee;' this means
all these beings, all minds, all thoughts also
turn to thee.
`When these two become three protectors;'
i.e. when these two united beget offspring.
He who knows this, gets offspring and cattle.
`Join what is sweeter than sweet (offspring)
with the sweet (the parents);'- for the couple (father
and mother) is sweet, the offspring is sweet, and he thus
joins the offspring with the couple.
`And this (the son, when married) being very
sweet, conquered through the sweet;' i.e. the
couple is sweet, the offspring is sweet, and thus through
the couple he conquers offspring.
This is declared by a Rishi: `Because he
(Pragapati) raised his body (the hymn tad id asa or the
Veda in general) in the body (of the sacrificer)' (therefore
that Nishkevalya hymn is praised); i.e. this
body, consisting of the Veda, in that corporeal form (of
the sacrificer).
`Then let this body indeed be the medicine of
that body;' i.e. this body, consisting of the
Veda, of that corporeal form (of the sacrificer).
Of this (the first foot of Rv. 10, 120, 1) the eight
syllables are Gayatri, the eleven syllables are
Trishtubh, the twelve syllables are Gagati, the ten
syllables are Virag. The Virag, consisting of ten
syllables, rests in these three metres.
The word purusha, consisting of three
syllables, that indeed goes into the Virag.
Verily, these are all metres, these (Gayatri,
Trishtubh, Gagati) having the Virag as the fourth.
In this manner this day is complete in all metres to him
who knows this.

He extends these (verses) by (interpolating) the
sound. Verily, the sound is purusha, man.
Therefore every man when he speaks, sounds loud, as it
were.
At the end of each foot of the first verse of the
hymn tad id asa, he inserts one foot of the second
verse of hymn Rv. 8, 69, nadam va odatinam, &c. Thus
the verse is to be recited as follows:
Tad id asa bhuvaneshu gyeshtham pu
nadam va odatinam,
Yato gagna ugras tveshanrimno ru
nadam yoyuvatinam,
Sadyo gagnano ni rinati satrun
patim vo aghnyanam,
Anu yam visve madanti umah sho
dhenunam ishudhyasi.
In nadam va odatinam (Rv. 8, 69, 2), odati are the
waters in heaven, for they water all this; and they are
the waters in the mouth, for they water all good food.
In nadam yoyuvatinam (Rv. 8, 69, 2), yoyuvati are the
waters in the sky, for they seem to inundate; and
they are the waters of perspiration, for they seem to run
continually.
In patim vo aghnyanam (Rv. 8, 69, 2), aghnya
are the waters which spring from the smoke of
fire, and they are the waters which spring from the organ.
In dhenunam ishudhyasi (Rv. 8, 69, 2), the
dhenu (cows) are the waters, for they delight all this;
and ishudhyasi means, thou art food.
He extends a Trishtubh and an Anushtubh.
Trishtubh is the man, Anushtubh the wife, and they
make a couple. Therefore does a man, after having
found a wife, consider himself a more perfect man.
These verses, by repeating the first three times,
become twenty-five. The trunk is the twentyfifth, and Pragapati is the twenty-fifth. There are ten
fingers on his hands, ten toes on his feet, two legs,
two arms, and the trunk the twenty-fifth. He adorns that
trunk as the twenty-fifth. Now this day consists
of twenty-five, and the Stoma hymn of that day consists of
twenty-five: it becomes the same through the
same. Therefore the two, the day and the hymn, are
twenty-five.

This is an exact repetition of the third khanda.
was intended for the glory of the first word tad, while the
sixth is intended for the glory of the whole
hymn.

He begins with the hymn, Tad id asa
bhuvaneshu gyeshtham (Rv. 10, 120). Verily, gyeshtha,
the oldest, is mahat, great. Endowed with mahat the form
of this day is perfect.
Then follows the hymn, Tam su te kirtim
maghavan mahitva (Rv. 10, 54), with the auspicious
word mahitva.
Then follows the hymn, Bhuya id vavridhe
viryaya (Rv. 4, 30), with the auspicious word virya.
Then follows the hymn, Nrinam u tva nritamam
gobhir ukthaih (Rv. 1, 51, 4), with the
auspicious word uktha.
He extends the first two padas, which are too
small, by one syllable (Rv. 10, 120, 1 a, and Rv. 8,
a). Into the small heart the vital spirits are placed,
into the small stomach food is placed. It serves
for the attainment of these desires. He who knows this,
obtains these desires.
The two feet, each consisting of ten syllables
(Rv. 10, 120, 1 a, b), serve for the gaining of both
kinds of food, of what has feet (animal food), and what
has no feet (vegetable food).
They come to be of eighteen syllables each. Of
those which are ten, nine are the pranas
(openings of the body), the tenth is the (vital) self. This is
the perfection of the (vital) self. Eight syllables
remain in each. He who knows them, obtains whatever
he desires.

He extends (these verses) by (interpolating) the
sound. Verily, breath (prana) is sound.
Therefore every breath when it sounds, sounds loud, as it
were.
The verse (8, 69, 2) nadam va odatinam, &c., is
by its syllables an Ushnih, by its feet an
Anushtubh. Ushnih is life, Anushtubh, speech. He thus
places life and speech in him (the sacrificer.)
By repeating the first verse three times, they
become twenty-five. The trunk is the twenty-fifth,
and Pragapati is the twenty-fifth. There are ten fingers on
his hands, ten toes on his feet, two legs, two
arms, and the trunk the twenty-fifth. He adorns that trunk
as the twenty-fifth. Now this day consists of
twenty-five, and the Stoma hymn of that day consists of
twenty-five: it becomes the same through the
same. Therefore the two, the day and the hymn, are
twenty-five. This is the twenty-fifth with regard to
the body.
Next, with regard to the deities: The eye, the
ear, the mind, speech, and breath, these five deities
(powers) have entered into that person (purusha), and
that person entered into the five deities. He is
wholly pervaded there with his limbs to the very hairs and
nails. Therefore all beings to the very insects
are born as pervaded (by the deities or senses).
This has been declared by a Rishi (Rv. 10, 114,
`A thousandfold are these fifteen hymns;' for
five arise from ten.
`As large as heaven and earth, so large is it;'
verily, the self (givatman) is as large as heaven
and earth.
`A thousandfold are the thousand powers;' by
saying this the poet pleases the hymns (the
senses), and magnifies them.
`As far as Brahman reaches, so far reaches
speech;' wherever there is Brahman, there is a
word; and wherever there is a word, there is Brahman,
this was intended.
The first of the hymns among all those hymns
has nine verses. Verily, there are nine pranas
(openings), and it serves for their benefit.
Then follows a hymn of six verses. Verily, the
seasons are six, and it serves to obtain them.
Then follows a hymn of five verses. Verily, the
Pankti consists of five feet. Verily, Pankti is
food, and it serves for the gaining of proper food.
Then follows a tristich. Three are these
threefold worlds, and it serves to conquer them.
These verses become Brihatis, that metre
being immortal, leading to the world of the Devas.
That body of verses is the trunk (of the bird represented
by the whole sastra), and thus it is. He who
knows this comes by this way (by making the verses the
trunk of the bird) near to the immortal Self, yea,
to the immortal Self.
Fourth Adhyaya

Next comes the Sudadohas verse. Sudadohas
is breath, and thereby he joins all joints with
breath.
Next follow the neck verses. They recite them
as Ushnih, according to their metre.
Next comes (again) the Sudadohas verse.
Sudadohas is breath, and thereby he joins all joints
with breath.
Next follows the head. That is in Gayatri verses.
The Gayatri is the beginning of all metres; the
head the first of all members. It is in Arkavat verses (Rv.
Arka is Agni. They are nine verses.
The head consists of nine pieces. He recites the tenth
verse, and that is the skin and the hairs on the head.
It serves for reciting one verse more than (the nine verses
contained in) the Stoma. These form the Trivrit
Stoma and the Gayatri metre, and whatever there exists,
all this is produced after the production of this
Stoma and this metre. Therefore the recitation of these
head-hymns serves for production.
He who knows this, gets offspring and cattle.
Next comes the Sudadohas verse. Verily,
Sudadohas is breath, and thereby he joins all joints
with breath.
Next follow the vertebrae (of the bird). These
verses are Virag (shining). Therefore man says to
man, `Thou shinest above us;' or to a stiff and proud man,
`Thou carriest thy neck stiff.' Or because the
(vertebrae of the neck) run close together, they are taken
to be the best food. For Virag is food, and food is
strength.
Next comes the Sudadohas verse. Sudadohas
is breath, and thereby he joins all joints with
breath.

Next follows the right wing. It is this world (the
earth), it is this Agni, it is speech, it is the
Rathantara, it is Vasishtha, it is a hundred. These are the
six powers (of the right wing). The Sampata
hymn (Rv. 4, 20) serves indeed for obtaining desires and
for firmness. The Pankti verse (Rv. 1, 80, 1)
serves for proper food.
Next comes the Sudadohas verse. Sudadohas
is breath, thereby he joins all joints with breath.
Next follows the left wing. It is that world
(heaven), it is that sun, it is mind, it is the Brihat, it
is Bharadvaga, it is a hundred. These are the six powers
(of the left wing). The Sampata hymn (Rv. IV,
serves indeed for obtaining desires and for firmness.
The Pankti verse (Rv. 1, 81, 1) serves for proper
food.
These two (the right and the left wings) are
deficient and excessive. The Brihat (the left wing)
is man, the Rathantara (the right wing) is woman. The
excess belongs to the man, the deficiency to the
woman. Therefore they are deficient and excessive.
Now the left wing of a bird is verily by one
feather better, therefore the left wing is larger by one
verse.
Next comes the Sudadohas verse. Sudadohas
is breath, and thereby he joins all joints with
breath.
Next follows the tail. They are twenty-one
Dvipada verses. For there are twenty-one backward
feathers in a bird.
Then the Ekavimsa is the support of all Stomas,
and the tail the support of all birds.
He recites a twenty-second verse. This is made
the form of two supports. Therefore all birds
support themselves on their tail, and having supported
themselves on their tail, they fly up. For the tail is
a support.
He (the bird and the hymn) is supported by two
decades which are Virag. The man (the
sacrificer) is supported by the two Dvipadas, the twentyfirst and twenty-second. That which forms the
bird serves for the attainment of all desires; that which
forms the man, serves for his happiness, glory,
proper food, and honour.
Next comes a Sudadohas verse, then a
Dhayya, then a Sudadohas verse. The Sudadohas is a
man, the Dhayya a woman, therefore he recites the
Dhayya as embraced on both sides by the Sudadohas.
Therefore does the seed of both, when it is effused,
obtain oneness, and this with regard to the woman
only. Hence birth takes place in and from the woman.
Therefore he recites that Dhayya in that place.

He recites the eighty tristichs of Gayatris.
Verily, the eighty Gayatri tristichs are this world
(earth). Whatever there is in this world of glory,
greatness, wives, food, and honour, may I obtain it, may
I win it, may it be mine.
Next comes the Sudadohas verse. Sudadohas
verily is breath. He joins this world with breath.
He recites the eighty tristichs of Brihatis. Verily,
the eighty Brihati tristichs are the world of the
sky. Whatever there is in the world of the sky of glory,
greatness, wives, food, and honour, may I obtain
it, may I win it, may it be mine.
Next comes the Sudadohas verse. Sudadohas
verily is breath. He joins the world of the sky with
breath.
He recites the eighty tristichs of Ushnih. Verily,
the eighty Ushnih tristichs are that world, the
heaven. Whatever there is in that world of glory,
greatness, wives, food, and honour, also the divine being
of the Devas (Brahman), may I obtain it, may I win it, may
it be mine.
Next comes the Sudadohas verse. Sudadohas
verily is the breath. He joins that world with
breath, yea, with breath.
Fifth Adhyaya

He recites the Vasa hymn, wishing, May
everything be in my power.
They (its verses) are twenty-one, for twenty-one
are the parts (the lungs, spleen, &c.) in the
belly.
Then the Ekavimsa is verily the support of all
Stomas, and the belly the support of all food.
They consist of different metres. Verily, the
intestines are confused, some small, some large.
He recites them with the pranava, according to
the metre, and according to rule. Verily, the
intestines are according to rule, as it were; some shorter,
some longer.
Next comes the Sudadohas verse. Sudadohas
verily is breath. He joins the joints with breath.
After having recited that verse twelve times he
leaves it off there. These pranas are verily
twelve-fold, seven in the head, two on the breast, three
below. In these twelve places the pranas are
contained, there they are perfect. Therefore he leaves it
off there.
The hymn indragni yuvam su nah (Rv. VIII, 40)
forms the two thighs (of the bird) belonging to
Indra and Agni, the two supports with broad bones.
These (verses) consist of six feet, so that they
may stand firm. Man stands firm on two feet,
animals on four. He thus places man (the sacrificer),
standing on two feet, among four-footed cattle.
The second verse has seven feet, and he
makes it into a Gayatri and Anushtubh. Gayatri is
Brahman, Anushtubh is speech; and he thus puts
together speech with Brahman.
He recites a Trishtubh at the end. Trishtubh is
strength, and thus does he come round animals
by strength. Therefore animals come near where there is
strength (of command, &c.); they come to be
roused and to rise up, (they obey the commands of a
strong shepherd.)

When he recites the Nishkevalya hymn
addressed to Indra (Rv. X, 50), pra vo mahe, he inserts a
Nivid (between the fourth and fifth verses). Thus he
clearly places strength in himself (in the sastra, in
the bird, in himself).
They are Trishtubhs and Gagatis.
There they say: `Why does he insert a Nivid
among mixed Trishtubhs and Gagatis?' But surely
one metre would never support the Nivid of this day, nor
fill it: therefore he inserts the Nivid among
mixed Trishtubhs and Gagatis.
Let him know that this day has three Nivids: the
Vasa hymn is a Nivid, the Valakhilyas are a
Nivid, and the Nivid itself is a Nivid. Thus let him know
that day as having three Nivids.
Then follow the hymns vane na va (Rv. X, 29)
and yo gata eva (Rv. II, 12). In the fourth verse
of the former hymn occur the words anne samasya yad
asan manishah, and they serve for the winning of
proper food.
Then comes an insertion. As many Trishtubh
and Gagati verses, taken from the ten Mandalas
and addressed to Indra, as they insert (between the two
above-mentioned hymns), after changing them
into Brihatis, so many years do they live beyond the
(usual) age (of one hundred years). By this insertion
age is obtained.
After that he recites the Saganiya hymn, wishing
that cattle may always come to his offspring.
Then he recites the Tarkshya hymn. Tarkshya
is verily welfare, and the hymn leads to welfare.
Thus (by reciting the hymn) he fares well.
Then he recites the Ekapada (indro visvam vi
ragati), wishing, May I be everything at once, and
may I thus finish the whole work of metres.
In reciting the hymn indram visva avivridhan
(Rv. I, 11) he intertwines the first seven verses
by intertwining their feet. There are seven pranas
(openings) in the head, and he thus places seven pranas
in the head. The eighth verse (half-verse) he does not
intertwine. The eighth is speech, and he thinks,
May my speech never be intertwined with the other
pranas. Speech therefore, though dwelling in the
same abode as the other pranas, is not intertwined with
them.
He recites the Virag verses. Verily, Virag
verses are food, and they thus serve for the gaining of
food.
He ends with the hymn of Vasishtha, wishing,
May I be Vasishtha!
But let him end with the fifth verse, esha stomo
maha ugraya vahe, which, possessing the word
mahat, is auspicious.
In the second foot of the fifth verse the word
dhuri occurs. Verily, dhuh (the place where the
horse is fastened to the car) is the end (of the car). This
day also is the end (of the sacrifice which lasts a
whole year). Thus the verse is fit for the day.
In the third foot the word arka is auspicious.
The last foot is: `Make our glory high as
heaven over heaven.' Thus wherever Brahmanic
speech is uttered, there his glory will be, when he who
knows this finishes with that verse. Therefore let a
man who knows this, finish (the Nishkevalya) with that
verse.

Tat savitur vrinimahe (Rv. V, 82, 1-3) and adya
no deva savitar (Rv. V, 82, 4-6) are the
beginning (pratipad) and the next step (anukara) of the
Vaisvadeva hymn, taken from the Ekaha
ceremonial and therefore proper.
On that day much is done now and then which
has to be hidden, and has to be atoned for.
Atonement is rest, the one-day sacrifice. Therefore at the
atonement as their rest. He who knows this rests firm,
and they also for whom a Hotri priest who knows
this, recites this hymn.
Then (follows) the hymn addressed to Savitri,
tad devasya savitur varyam mahat (Rv. IV, 53).
Verily, mahat, great, (in this foot) is the end. This day too
is the end. Thus the verse is fit for the day.
The hymn katara purva katara parayoh (Rv. I,
addressed to Dyavaprithivi, is one in which
many verses have the same ending. Verily, this day also
(the mahavrata) is one in which many receive the
same reward. Thus it is fit for the day.
The hymn anasvo gato anabhisur ukthyah (Rv.
IV, 36) is addressed to the Ribhus.
In the first verse the word tri (kakrah) occurs,
and trivat is verily the end. This day also is the
end (of the sacrifice). Thus the verse is fit for the day.
The hymn asya vamasya palitasya hotuh (Rv. I,
addressed to the Visvedevas, is multiform.
This day also is multiform. Thus the verse is fit for the
day.
He recites the end of it, beginning with gaurir
mimaya (Rv. I, 164, 41).
The hymn a no bhadrah kratavo yantu visvatah
(Rv. I, 89), addressed to the Visvedevas, forms
the Nividdhana, taken from the Ekaha ceremonial, and
therefore proper.
On that day much is done now and then which
has to be hidden, and has to be atoned for.
Atonement is rest, the one-day sacrifice. Therefore at the
atonement as their rest. He who knows this rests firm,
and they also for whom a Hotri priest who knows
this, recites this hymn.
The hymn vaisvanaraya dhishanam ritavridhe
(Rv. III, 2) forms the beginning of the
Agnimaruta. Dhishana, thought, is verily the end, this day
also is the end. Thus it is fit for the day.
The hymn prayagyavo maruto
bhragadrishtayah (Rv. V, 55), addressed to the Maruts, is
one in
which many verses have the same ending. Verily, this
day also is one in which many receive the same
reward. Thus it is fit for the day.
He recites the verse gatavedase sunavama
somam (Rv. I, 99, 1), addressed to Gatavedas, before
the (next following) hymn. That verse addressed to
Gatavedas is verily welfare, and leads to welfare.
Thus (by reciting it) he fares well.
The hymn imam stomam arhate gatavedase
(Rv. I, 94), addressed to Gatavedas, is one in
which many verses have the same ending. Verily, this
day also (the mahavrata) is one in which many
receive the same reward. Thus it is fit for the day, yea, it
is fit for the day.
Part 2
Second Aranyaka
First Adhyaya

With the second Aranyaka the Upanishad begins. It
comprises the second and third Aranyakas, and may
be said to consist of three divisions, or three Upanishads.
Their general title is Bahvrika-upanishad,
sometimes Mahaitareya-upanishad, while the Upanishad
generally known as Aitareya-upanishad
comprises the 4th, 5th, and 6th adhyayas only of the
second Aranyaka.
The character of the three component portions of the
Upanishad can best be described in Sankara's own
words (Ar. III, 1, 1, Introd.): `There are three classes of
men who want to acquire knowledge. The highest
consists of those who have turned away from the world,
whose minds are fixed on one subject and
collected, and who yearn to be free at once. For these a
knowledge of Brahman is intended, as taught in
the Ait. Ar. II, 4-6. The middle class are those who wish
to become free gradually by attaining to the
world of Hiranyagarbha. For them the knowledge and
worship of Prana (breath and life) is intended, as
explained in the Ait. Ar. II, 1-3. The lowest class consists
of those who do not care either for immediate
or gradual freedom, but who desire nothing but offspring,
cattle, &c. For these the meditative worship of
the Samhita is intended, as explained in the third
Aranyaka. They cling too strongly to the letter of the
sacred text to be able to surrender it for a knowledge
either of Prana (life) or of Brahman.'
The connexion between the Upanishad or rather the three
Upanishads and the first Aranyaka seems at
first sight very slight. Still we soon perceive that it would
be impossible to understand the first
Upanishad, without a previous knowledge of the
Mahavrata ceremony as described in the first Aranyaka.
On this point too there are some pertinent remarks in
Sankara's commentary on the Aranyaka II, 1, 2.
`Our first duty,' he says, `consists in performing sacrifices,
such as are described in the first portion of the
Veda, the Samhitas, Brahmanas, and, to a certain extent,
in the Aranyakas also. Afterwards arises a
desire for knowledge, which cannot be satisfied except a
man has first attained complete concentration of
thought (ekagrata). In order to acquire that concentration,
the performance of certain upasanas or
meditations is enjoined, such as we find described in our
Upanishad, viz. in Ar. II, 1-3.'
This meditation or, as it is sometimes translated, worship
is of two kinds, either brahmopasana or
pratikopasana. Brahmopasana or meditation on
Brahman consists in thinking of him as distinguished by
certain qualities. Pratikopasana or meditation on symbols
consists in looking upon certain worldly objects
as if they were Brahman, in order thus to withdraw the
mind from the too powerful influence of external
objects.
These objects, thus lifted up into symbols of Brahman,
are of two kinds, either connected with sacrifice or
not. In our Upanishad we have to deal with the former
class only, viz. with certain portions of the
Mahavrata, as described in the first Aranyaka. In order
that the mind may not be entirely absorbed by the
sacrifice, it is lifted up during the performance from the
consideration of these sacrificial objects to a
meditation on higher objects, leading up at last to
Brahman as prana or life.
This meditation is to be performed by the priests, and
while they meditate they may meditate on a hymn or
on a single word of it as meaning something else, such as
the sun, the earth, or the sky, but not vice versa.
And if in one Sakha, as in that of the Aitareyins, for
instance, a certain hymn has been symbolically
explained, the same explanation may be adopted by
another Sakha also, such as that of the Kaushitakins.
It is not necessary, however, that every part of the
sacrifice should be accompanied by meditation, but it is
left optional to the priest in what particular meditation he
wishes to engage, nor is even the time of the
sacrifice the only right time for him to engage in these
meditations.
This is the path: this sacrifice, and this
Brahman. This is the true.
Let no man swerve from it, let no man
transgress it.
For the old (sages) did not transgress it, and
those who did transgress, became lost.
This has been declared by a Rishi (Rv. VIII,
`Three (classes of) people transgressed,
others settled down round about the venerable (Agni,
fire); the great (sun) stood in the midst of the
worlds, the blowing (Vayu, air) entered the Harits (the
dawns, or the ends of the earth).'
When he says: `Three (classes of) people
transgressed,' the three (classes of) people who
transgressed are what we see here (on earth, born again)
as birds, trees, herbs, and serpents.
When he says: `Others settled down round
about the venerable,' he means those who now sit
down to worship Agni (fire).
When he says: `The great stood in the midst of
the worlds,' the great one in the midst of the
world is meant for this Aditya, the sun.
When he says: `The blowing entered the Harits,'
he means that Vayu, the air, the purifier,
entered all the corners of the earth.

People say: `Uktha, uktha,' hymns, hymns!
(without knowing what uktha, hymn, means.) The
hymn is truly (to be considered as) the earth, for from it all
whatsoever exists arises.
The object of its praise is Agni (fire), and the
eighty verses (of the hymn) are food, for by means
of food one obtains everything.
The hymn is truly the sky, for the birds fly along
the sky, and men drive following the sky. The
object of its praise is Vayu (air), and the eighty verses (of
the hymn) are food, for by means of food one
obtains everything.
The hymn is truly the heaven, for from its gift
(rain) all whatsoever exists arises. The object of
its praise is Aditya (the sun), and the eighty verses are
food, for by means of food one obtains everything.
So much with reference to the gods
(mythological); now with reference to man (physiological).
The hymn is truly man. He is great, he is
Pragapati. Let him think, I am the hymn.
The hymn is his mouth, as before in the case of
the earth.
The object of its praise is speech, and the eighty
verses (of the hymn) are food, for by means of
food he obtains everything.
The hymn is the nostrils, as before in the case
of the sky.
The object of its praise is breath, and the
eighty verses (of the hymn) are food, for by means of
food he obtains everything.
The slight bent (at the root) of the nose is, as it
were, the place of the brilliant (Aditya, the
sun).
The hymn is the forehead, as before in the
case of heaven. The object of its praise is the eye,
and the eighty verses (of the hymn) are food, for by
means of food he obtains everything.
The eighty verses (of the hymn) are alike food
with reference to the gods as well as with
reference to man. For all these beings breathe and live
by means of food indeed. By food (given in alms,
&c.) he conquers this world, by food (given in sacrifice) he
conquers the other. Therefore the eighty
verses (of the hymn) are alike food, with reference to the
gods as well as with reference to man.
All this that is food, and all this that consumes
food, is only the earth, for from the earth arises
all whatever there is.
And all that goes hence (dies on earth),
heaven consumes it all; and all that goes thence
(returns from heaven to a new life) the earth consumes it
all.
That earth is thus both food and consumer.
He also (the true worshipper who meditates on himself as
being the uktha) is both consumer and
consumed (subject and object). No one possesses that
which he does not eat, or the things which do not
eat him.

Next follows the origin of seed. The seed of
Pragapati are the Devas (gods). The seed of the
Devas is rain. The seed of rain are herbs. The seed of
herbs is food. The seed of food is seed. The seed
of seed are creatures. The seed of creatures is the heart.
The seed of the heart is the mind. The seed of
the mind is speech (Veda). The seed of speech is action
(sacrifice). The action done (in a former state) is
this man, the abode of Brahman.
He (man) consists of food (ira), and because he
consists of food (iramaya), he consists of gold
(hiranmaya). He who knows this becomes golden in the
other world, and is seen as golden (as the sun) for
the benefit of all beings.

Brahman (in the shape of prana, breath)
entered into that man by the tips of his feet, and
because Brahman entered (prapadyata) into that man by
the tips of his feet, therefore people call them the
tips of the feet (prapada), but hoofs and claws in other
animals.
Then Brahman crept up higher, and therefore
they were (called) the thighs (uru).
Then he said: `Grasp wide,' and that was
(called) the belly (udara).
Then he said: `Make room for me,' and that was
(called) the chest (uras).
The Sarkarakshyas meditate on the belly as
Brahman, the Arunis on the heart. Both (these
places) are Brahman indeed.
But Brahman crept upwards and came to the
head, and because he came to the head, therefore
the head is called head.
Then these delights alighted in the head, sight,
hearing, mind, speech, breath.
Delights alight on him who thus knows, why the
head is called head.
These (five delights or senses) strove together,
saying: `I am the uktha (hymn), I am the uktha.'
`Well,' they said, `let us all go out from this body; then on
whose departure this body shall fall, he shall be
the uktha among us.'
Speech went out, yet the body without
speaking remained, eating and drinking.
Sight went out, yet the body without seeing remained,
eating and drinking.
Hearing went out, yet the body without hearing remained,
eating and drinking.
Mind went out, yet the body, as if blinking, remained,
eating and drinking.
Breath went out, then when breath was gone out, the
body fell.
It was decayed, and because people said, it
decayed, therefore it was (called) body (sarira).
That is the reason of its name.
If a man knows this, then the evil enemy who
hates him decays, or the evil enemy who hates
him is defeated.
They strove again, saying: `I am the uktha, I
am the uktha.' `Well,' they said, `let us enter that
body again; then on whose entrance this body shall rise
again, he shall be the uktha among us.'
Speech entered, but the body lay still. Sight
entered, but the body lay still. Hearing entered,
but the body lay still. Mind entered, but the body lay still.
Breath entered, and when breath had entered,
the body rose, and it became the uktha.
Therefore breath alone is the uktha.
Let people know that breath is the uktha
indeed.
The Devas (the other senses) said to breath:
`Thou art the uktha, thou art all this, we are thine,
thou art ours.'
This has also been said by a Rishi (Rv. VIII,
`Thou art ours, we are thine.'

Then the Devas carried him (the breath) forth,
and being carried forth, he was stretched out, and
when people said, `He was stretched out,' then it was in
the morning; when they said, `He is gone to rest,'
then it was in the evening. Day, therefore, is the
breathing up, night the breathing down.
Speech is Agni, sight that Aditya (sun), mind the
moon, hearing the Dis (quarters): this is the
prahitam samyoga, the union of the deities as sent forth.
These deities (Agni, &c.) are thus in the body,
but their (phenomenal) appearance yonder is among the
deities this was intended.
And Hiranyadat Vaida also, who knew this (and
who by his knowledge had become
Hiranyagarbha or the universal spirit), said: `Whatever
they do not give to me, they do not possess
themselves.' I know the prahitam samyoga, the union of
the deities, as entered into the body. This is it.
To him who knows this all creatures, without
being constrained, offer gifts.
That breath is (to be called) sattya (the true), for
sat is breath, ti is food, yam is the sun. This is
threefold, and threefold the eye also may be called, it
being white, dark, and the pupil. He who knows
why true is true (why sattya is sattya), even if he should
speak falsely, yet what he says is true.

Speech is his (the breath's) rope, the names the
knots. Thus by his speech as by a rope, and by
his names as by knots, all this is bound. For all this are
names indeed, and with speech he calls
everything.
People carry him who knows this, as if they
were bound by a rope.
Of the body of the breath thus meditated on, the
Ushnih verse forms the hairs, the Gayatri the
skin, the Trishtubh the flesh, the Anushtubh the muscles,
the Gagati the bone, the Pankti the marrow, the
Brihati the breath (prana). He is covered with the verses
(khandas, metres). Because he is thus covered
with verses, therefore they call them khandas (coverings,
metres).
If a man knows the reason why khandas are
called khandas, the verses cover him in whatever
place he likes against any evil deed.
This is said by a Rishi (Rv. I, 164, 13):
`I saw (the breath) as a guardian, never tiring,
coming and going on his ways (the arteries).
That breath (in the body, being identified with the sun
among the Devas), illuminating the principal and
intermediate quarters of the sky, is returning constantly in
the midst of the worlds.'
He says: `I saw a guardian,' because he, the breath, is a
guardian, for he guards everything.
He says: `Never tiring,' because the breath
never rests.
He says: `Coming and going on his ways,'
because the breath comes and goes on his ways.
He says: `Illuminating the principal and
intermediate,' because he illuminates these only, the
principal and intermediate quarters of the sky.
He says: `He is returning constantly in the
midst of the worlds,' because he returns indeed
constantly in the midst of the worlds.
And then, there is another verse (Rv. I, 55, 81):
`They are covered like caves by those who
make them,'
For all this is covered indeed by breath.
This ether is supported by breath as Brihati,
and as this ether is supported by breath as Brihati,
so one should know that all things, not excepting ants,
are supported by breath as Brihati.

Next follow the powers of that Person.
By his speech earth and fire were created.
Herbs are produced on the earth, and Agni (fire)
makes them ripe and sweet. `Take this, take this,' thus
saying do earth and fire serve their parent, speech.
As far as the earth reaches, as far as fire
reaches, so far does his world extend, and as long as the
world of the earth and fire does not decay, so long does
his world not decay who thus knows this power of
speech.
By breath (in the nose) the sky and the air were
created. People follow the sky, and hear along
the sky, while the air carries along pure scent. Thus do
sky and air serve their parent, the breath.
As far as the sky reaches, as far as the air reaches, so far
does his world extend, and as long as the world
of the sky and the air does not decay, so long does his
world not decay who thus knows this power of
breath.
By his eye heaven and the sun were created.
Heaven gives him rain and food, while the sun
causes his light to shine. Thus do the heaven and the
sun serve their parent, the eye.
As far as heaven reaches and as far as the sun reaches,
so far does his world extend, and as long as the
world of heaven and the sun does not decay, so long
does his world not decay who thus knows the power
of the eye.
By his ear the quarters and the moon were
created. From all the quarters they come to him, and
from all the quarters he hears, while the moon produces
for him the bright and the dark halves for the
sake of sacrificial work. Thus do the quarters and the
moon serve their parent, the ear.
As far as the quarters reach and as far as the moon
reaches, so far does his world extend, and as long as
the world of the quarters and the moon does not decay,
so long does his world not decay who thus knows
the power of the ear.
By his mind the water and Varuna were created.
Water yields to him faith (being used for
sacred acts), Varuna keeps his offspring within the law.
Thus do water and Varuna serve their parent, the
mind.
As far as water reaches and as far as Varuna reaches, so
far does his world extend, and as long as the
world of water and Varuna does not decay, so long does
his world not decay who thus knows the power of
the mind.

Was it water really? Was it water? Yes, all this
was water indeed. This (water) was the root
(cause), that (the world) was the shoot (effect). He (the
person) is the father, they (earth, fire, &c.) are the
sons. Whatever there is belonging to the son, belongs to
the father; whatever there is belonging to the
father, belongs to the son. This was intended.
Mahidasa Aitareya, who knew this, said: `I know
myself (reaching) as far as the gods, and I
know the gods (reaching) as far as me. For these gods
receive their gifts from hence, and are supported
from hence.'
This is the mountain, viz. eye, ear, mind,
speech, and breath. They call it the mountain of
Brahman.
He who knows this, throws down the evil enemy
who hates him; the evil enemy who hates him
is defeated.
He (the Prana, identified with Brahman) is the
life, the breath; he is being (while the givatman
remains), and not-being (when the givatman departs).
The Devas (speech, &c.) worshipped him
(prana) as Bhuti or being, and thus they became great
beings. And therefore even now a man who sleeps,
breathes like bhurbhuh.
The Asuras worshipped him as Abhuti or notbeing, and thus they were defeated.
He who knows this, becomes great by himself,
while the evil enemy who hates him, is defeated.
He (the breath) is death (when he departs), and
immortality (while he abides).
And this has been said by a Rishi (Rv. I, 164,
`Downwards and upwards he (the wind of the
breath) goes, held by food;' for this upbreathing, being held back by the down-breathing, does
not move forward (and leave the body altogether).
`The immortal dwells with the mortal;'- for
through him (the breath) all this dwells together,
the bodies being clearly mortal, but this being (the
breath), being immortal.
`These two (body and breath) go for ever in
different directions (the breath moving the senses
of the body, the body supporting the senses of the breath:
the former going upwards to another world, the
body dying and remaining on earth). They increase the
one (the body), but they do not increase the other,'
i.e. they increase these bodies (by food), but this being
(breath) is immortal.
He who knows this becomes immortal in that
world (having become united with
Hiranyagarbha), and is seen as immortal (in the sun) by
all beings, yea, by all beings.
Second Adhyaya

He (the sun), who shines, honoured this world
(the body of the worshipper, by entering into it),
in the form of man (the worshipper who meditates on
breath). For he who shines (the sun) is (the same
as) the breath. He honoured this (body of the
worshipper) during a hundred years, therefore there are a
hundred years in the life of a man. Because he honoured
him during a hundred years, therefore there are
(the poets of the first Mandala of the Rig-veda, called) the
Satarkin, (having honour for a hundred years.)
Therefore people call him who is really Prana (breath),
the Satarkin poets.
He (breath) placed himself in the midst of all
whatsoever exists. Because he placed himself in
the midst of all whatsoever exists, therefore there are (the
poets of the second to the ninth Mandala of the
Rig-veda, called) the Madhyamas. Therefore people call
him who is really Prana (breath), the Madhyama
poets.
He as up-breathing is the swallower (gritsa), as
down-breathing he is delight (mada). Because
as up-breathing he is swallower (gritsa) and as downbreathing delight (mada), therefore there is (the poet
of the second Mandala of the Rig-veda, called)
Gritsamada. Therefore people call him who is really
Prana
(breath), Gritsamada.
Of him (breath) all this whatsoever was a friend.
Because of him all (visvam) this whatsoever
was a friend (mitram), therefore there is (the poet of the
third Mandala of the Rig-veda, called)
Visvamitra. Therefore people call him who is really Prana
(breath), Visvamitra.
The Devas (speech, &c.) said to him (the
breath): `He is to be loved by all of us.' Because the
Devas said of him, that he was to be loved (vama) by all
of them, therefore there is (the poet of the fourth
Mandala of the Rig-veda, called) Vamadeva. Therefore
people call him who is really Prana (breath),
Vamadeva.
He (breath) guarded all this whatsoever from
evil. Because he guarded (atrayata) all this
whatsoever from evil, therefore there are (the poets of the
fifth Mandala of the Rig-veda, called) Atrayah.
Therefore people call him who is really Prana (breath),
Atrayah.

He (breath) is likewise a Bibhradvaga (bringer of
offspring). Offspring is vaga, and he (breath)
supports offspring. Because he supports it, therefore
there is (the poet of the sixth Mandala of the Rigveda, called) Bharadvaga. Therefore people call him who
is really Prana (breath), Bharadvaga.
The Devas (speech, &c.) said to him: `He it is
who chiefly causes us to dwell on earth.' Because
the Devas said of him, that he chiefly caused them to
dwell on earth, therefore there is (the poet of the
seventh Mandala of the Rig-veda, called) Vasishtha.
Therefore people call him who is really Prana
(breath), Vasishtha.
He (breath) went forth towards all this
whatsoever. Because he went forth toward all this
whatsoever, therefore there are (the poets of the eighth
Mandala of the Rig-veda, called) the Pragathas.
Therefore people call him who is really Prana (breath),
the Pragathas.
He (breath) purified all this whatsoever.
Because he purified all this whatsoever, therefore there
are (the hymns and also the poets of the ninth Mandala of
the Rig-veda, called) the Pavamanis. Therefore
people called him who is really Prana (breath), the
Pavamanis.
He (breath) said: `Let me be everything
whatsoever, small (kshudra) and great (mahat), and this
became the Kshudrasuktas and Mahasuktas.' Therefore
there were (the hymns and also the poets of the
tenth Mandala of the Rig-veda, called) the Kshudrasuktas
(and Mahasuktas). Therefore people call him
who is really Prana (breath), the Kshudrasuktas (and
Mahasuktas).
He (breath) said once: `You have said what is
well said (su-ukta) indeed. This became a Sukta
(hymn).' Therefore there was the Sukta. Therefore
people call him who is really Prana (breath), Sukta.
He (breath) is a Rik (verse), for he did honour to
all beings (by entering into them). Because he
did honour to all beings, therefore there was the Rik
verse. Therefore people call him who is really Prana
(breath), Rik.
He (breath) is an Ardharka (half-verse), for he
did honour to all places (ardha). Because he did
honour to all places, therefore there was the Ardharka.
Therefore people call him who is really Prana
(breath), Ardharka.
He (breath) is a Pada (word), for he got into all
these beings. Because he got (padi) into all these
beings, therefore there was the Pada (word). Therefore
people call him who is really Prana (breath), Pada.
He (breath) is an Akshara (syllable), for he
pours out (ksharati) gifts to all these beings, and
without him no one can pour out (atiksharati) gifts.
Therefore there was the Akshara (syllable).
Therefore people call him who is really Prana (breath),
Akshara.
Thus all these Rik verses, all Vedas, all
sounds are one word, viz. Prana (breath). Let him
know that Prana is all Rik verses.

While Visvamitra was going to repeat the hymns
of this day (the mahavrata), Indra sat down
near him. Visvamitra (guessing that Indra wanted food)
said to him, `This (the verses of the hymn) is
food,' and repeated the thousand Brihati verses. By
means of this he went to the delightful home of Indra
(Svarga).
Indra said to him: `Rishi, thou hast come to my
delightful home. Rishi, repeat a second hymn.'
Visvamitra (guessing that Indra wanted food) said to him,
`This (the verses of the hymn) is food,' and
repeated the thousand Brihati verses. By means of this
he went to the delightful home of Indra (Svarga).
Indra said to him: `Rishi, thou hast come to my
delightful home. Rishi, repeat a third hymn.'
Visvamitra (guessing that Indra wanted food) said to him,
`This (the verses of the hymn) is food,' and
repeated the thousand Brihati verses. By means of this
he went to the delightful home of Indra (Svarga).
Indra said to him: `Rishi, thou hast come to my
delightful home. I grant thee a boon.'
Visvamitra said: `May I know thee.' Indra said: `I am
Prana (breath), O Rishi, thou art Prana, all things
are Prana. For it is Prana who shines as the sun, and I
here pervade all regions under that form. This
food of mine (the hymn) is my friend and my support
(dakshina). This is the food prepared by
Visvamitra. I am verily he who shines (the sun).'

This then becomes perfect as a thousand of
Brihati verses. Its consonants form its body, its
voice (vowels) the soul, its sibilants the air of the breath.
He who knew this became Vasishtha, he took
this name from thence.
Indra verily declared this to Visvamitra, and
Indra verily declared this to Bharadvaga.
Therefore Indra is invoked by him as a friend.
This becomes perfect as a thousand of Brihati
verses, and of that hymn perfect with a thousand
Brihati verses, there are 36,000 syllables. So many are
also the thousands of days of a hundred years
(36,000). With the consonants they fill the nights, with the
vowels the days.
This becomes perfect as a thousand of Brihati
verses. He who knows this, after this thousand of
Brihatis thus accomplished, becomes full of knowledge,
full of the gods, full of Brahman, full of the
immortal, and then goes also to the gods.
What I am (the worshipper), that is he (sun);
what he is, that am I.
This has been said by a Rishi (Rv. I, 115, 1):
`The sun is the self of all that moves and rests.'
Let him look to that, let him look to that!
Third Adhyaya

He who knows himself as the fivefold hymn
(uktha), the emblem of Prana (breath), from whence
all this springs, he is clever. These five are the earth, air,
ether, water, and fire (gyotis). This is the self,
the fivefold uktha. For from him all this springs, and into
him it enters again (at the dissolution of the
world). He who knows this, becomes the refuge of his
friends.
And to him who knows the food (object) and the
feeder (subject) in that uktha, a strong son is
born, and food is never wanting. Water and earth are
food, for all food consists of these two. Fire and air
are the feeder, for by means of them man eats all food.
Ether is the bowl, for all this is poured into the
ether. He who knows this, becomes the bowl or support
of his friends.
To him who knows the food and the feeder in
that uktha, a strong son is born, and food is never
wanting. Herbs and trees are food, animals the feeder,
for animals eat herbs and trees.
Of them again those who have teeth above and
below, shaped after the likeness of man, are
feeders, the other animals are food. Therefore these
overcome the other animals, for the eater is over the
food.
He who knows this is over his friends.

He who knows the gradual development of the
self in him (the man conceived as the uktha),
obtains himself more development.
There are herbs and trees and all that is
animated, and he knows the self gradually developing in
them. For in herbs and trees sap only is seen, but
thought (kitta) in animated beings.
Among animated beings again the self develops
gradually, for in some sap (blood) is seen (as
well as thought), but in others thought is not seen.
And in man again the self develops gradually,
for he is most endowed with knowledge. He says
what he has known, he sees what he has known. He
knows what is to happen to-morrow, he knows
heaven and hell. By means of the mortal he desires the
immortal thus is he endowed.
With regard to the other animals hunger and
thirst only are a kind of understanding. But they
do not say what they have known, nor do they see what
they have known. They do not know what is to
happen to-morrow, nor heaven and hell. They go so far
and no further, for they are born according to
their knowledge (in a former life).

That man (conceived as uktha) is the sea, rising
beyond the whole world. Whatever he reaches,
he wishes to go beyond. If he reaches the sky, he wishes
to go beyond.
If he should reach that (heavenly) world, he
would wish to go beyond.
That man is fivefold. The heat in him is fire; the
apertures (of the senses) are ether; blood,
mucus, and seed are water; the body is earth; breath is
air.
That air is fivefold, viz. up-breathing, downbreathing, back-breathing, out-breathing, onbreathing. The other powers (devatas), viz. sight,
hearing, mind, and speech, are comprised under upbreathing and down-breathing. For when breath departs,
they also depart with it.
That man (conceived as uktha) is the sacrifice,
which is a succession now of speech and now of
thought. That sacrifice is fivefold, viz. the Agnihotra, the
new and full moon sacrifices, the four-monthly
sacrifices, the animal sacrifice, the Soma sacrifice. The
Soma sacrifice is the most perfect of sacrifices,
for in it these five kinds of ceremonies are seen: the first
which precedes the libations (the Diksha, &c.),
then three libations, and what follows (the Avabhritha,
&c.) is the fifth.

He who knows one sacrifice above another, one
day above another, one deity above the others,
he is clever. Now this great uktha (the nishkevalyasastra) is the sacrifice above another, the day above
another, the deity above others.
This uktha is fivefold. With regard to its being
performed as a Stoma (chorus), it is Trivrit,
Pankadasa, Saptadasa, Ekavimsa, and Pankavimsa.
With regard to its being performed as a Saman
(song), it is Gayatra, Rathantara, Brihat, Bhadra, and
Ragana. With regard to metre, it is Gayatri,
Ushnih, Brihati, Trishtubh, and Dvipada. And the
explanation (given before in the Aranyaka) is that it is
the head, the right wing, the left wing, the tail, and the
body of the bird.
He performs the Prastava in five ways, he
performs the Udgitha in five ways, he performs the
Pratihara in five ways, he performs the Upadrava in five
ways, he performs the Nidhana in five ways. All
this together forms one thousand Stobhas, or musical
syllables.
Thus also are the Rik verses, contained in the
Nishkevalya, recited (by the Hotri) in five orders.
What precedes the eighty trikas, that is one order, then
follow the three sets of eighty trikas each, and
what comes after is the fifth order.
This (the hymns of this Sastra) as a whole (if
properly counted with the Stobha syllables) comes
to one thousand (of Brihati verses). That (thousand) is
the whole, and ten, ten is called the whole. For
number is such (measured by ten). Ten tens are a
hundred, ten hundreds are a thousand, and that is the
whole. These are the three metres (the tens, pervading
everything). And this food also (the three sets of
hymns being represented as food) is threefold, eating,
drinking, and chewing. He obtains that food by
those (three numbers, ten, hundred, and thousand, or by
the three sets of eighty trikas).

This (nishkevalya-sastra) becomes perfect as a
thousand of Brihati verses.
Some teachers (belonging to a different Sakha)
recognise a thousand of different metres (not of
Brihatis only). They say: `Is another thousand (a
thousand of other verses) good? Let us say it is good.'
Some say, a thousand of Trishtubh verses,
others a thousand of Gagati verses, others a thousand
of Anushtubh verses.
This has been said by a Rishi (Rv. X, 124, 9):
`Poets through their understanding discovered
Indra dancing an Anushtubh.' This is meant to
say: They discovered (and meditated) in speech (called
Anushtubh) at that time (when they worshipped
the uktha)- the Prana (breath) connected with Indra.
He (who takes the recited verses as
Anushtubhs) is able to become celebrated and of good
report.
No! he says; rather is such a man liable to die
before his time. For that self (consisting of
Anushtubhs) is incomplete. For if a man confines himself
to speech, not to breath, then driven by his
mind, he does not succeed with speech.
Let him work towards the Brihati, for the Brihati
(breath) is the complete self.
That self (givatman) is surrounded on all sides
by members. And as that self is on all sides
surrounded by members, the Brihati also is on all sides
surrounded by metres.
For the self (in the heart) is the middle of these
members, and the Brihati is the middle of the
metres.
`He is able to become celebrated and of good
report, but (the other) able to die before his time,'
thus he said. For the Brihati is the complete self,
therefore let him work towards the Brihati (let him
reckon the sastra recitation as a thousand Brihatis).

This (nishkevalya-sastra) becomes perfect as a
thousand of Brihati verses. In this thousand of
Brihatis there are one thousand one hundred and twentyfive Anushtubhs. For the smaller is contained in
the larger.
This has been said by a Rishi (Rv. VIII, 76, 12):
`A speech of eight feet;' because there are
eight feet of four syllables each in the Anushtubh.
`Of nine corners;' because the Brihati becomes
nine-cornered (having nine feet of four
syllables each).
`Touching the truth;' because speech
(Anushtubh) is truth, touched by the verse (Brihati).
`He (the Hotri) makes the body out of Indra;'
for out of this thousand of Brihati verses turned
into Anushtubhs, and therefore out of Prana as connected
with Indra, and out of the Brihati (which is
Prana), he makes speech, that is Anushtubh, as a body.
This Mahaduktha is the highest development of
speech, and it is fivefold, viz. measured, not
measured, music, true, and untrue.
A Rik verse, a gatha, a kumbya are measured
(metrical). A Yagus line, an invocation, and
general remarks, these are not measured (they are in
prose). A Saman, or any portion (parvan) of it, is
music. Om is true, Na is untrue.
What is true (Om) is the flower and fruit of
speech. He is able to become celebrated and of good
report, for he speaks the true (Om), the flower and fruit of
speech.
Now the untrue is the root of speech, and as a
tree whose root is exposed dries up and perishes,
thus a man who says what is untrue exposes his root,
dries up and perishes. Therefore one should not say
what is untrue, but guard oneself from it.
That syllable Om (yes) goes forward (to the
first cause of the world) and is empty. Therefore if
a man says Om (yes) to everything, then that (which he
gives away) is wanting to him here. If he says
Om (yes) to everything, then he would empty himself, and
would not be capable of any enjoyments.
That syllable Na (no) is full for oneself. If a
man says No to everything, then his reputation
would become evil, and that would ruin him even here.
Therefore let a man give at the proper time
only, not at the wrong time. Thus he unites the
true and the untrue, and from the union of those two he
grows, and becomes greater and greater.
He who knows this speech of which this (the
mahaduktha) is a development, he is clever. A is
the whole of speech, and manifested through different
kinds of contact (mutes) and of wind (sibilants), it
becomes manifold and different.
Speech if uttered in a whisper is breath, if
spoken aloud, it is body. Therefore (if whispered) it
is almost hidden, for what is incorporeal is almost hidden,
and breath is incorporeal. But if spoken aloud,
it is body, and therefore it is perceptible, for body is
perceptible.

This (nishkevalya-sastra) becomes perfect as a
thousand of Brihatis. It is glory (the glorious
Brahman, not the absolute Brahman), it is Indra. Indra is
the lord of all beings. He who thus knows
Indra as the lord of all beings, departs from this world by
loosening the bonds of life so said Mahidasa
Aitareya. Having departed he becomes Indra (or
Hiranyagarbha) and shines in those worlds.
And with regard to this they say: `If a man
obtains the other world in this form (by meditating
on the prana, breath, which is the uktha, the hymn of the
mahavrata), then in what form does he obtain
this world?'
Here the blood of the woman is a form of Agni
(fire); therefore no one should despise it. And
the seed of the man is a form of Aditya (sun); therefore no
one should despise it. This self (the woman)
gives her self (skin, blood, and flesh) to that self (fat,
bone, and marrow), and that self (man) gives his self
(fat, bone, and marrow) to this self (skin, blood, and
flesh). Thus these two grow together. In this form
(belonging to the woman and to fire) he goes to that world
(belonging to the man and the sun), and in that
form (belonging to man and the sun) he goes to this world
(belonging to the woman and to fire).

Here (with regard to obtaining Hiranyagarbha)
there are these Slokas:
The fivefold body into which the indestructible
(prana, breath) enters, that body which the
harnessed horses (the senses) draw about, that body
where the true of the true (the highest Brahman)
follows after, in that body (of the worshipper) all gods
become one.
That body into which goes the indestructible
(the breath) which we have joined (in meditation),
proceeding from the indestructible (the highest Brahman),
that body which the harnessed horses (the
senses) draw about, that body where the true of the true
follows after, in that body all gods become one.
After separating themselves from the Yes and
No of language, and of all that is hard and cruel,
poets have discovered (what they sought for); dependent
on names they rejoiced in what had been
revealed.
That in which the poets rejoiced (the revealed
nature of prana, breath), in it the gods exist all
joined together. Having driven away evil by means of that
Brahman (which is hidden in prana), the
enlightened man goes to the Svarga world (becomes one
with Hiranyagarbha, the universal spirit).
No one wishing to describe him (prana, breath)
by speech, describes him by calling him
`woman,' `neither woman nor man,' or `man' (all such
names applying only to the material body, and not
to prana or breath).
Brahman (as hidden beneath prana) is called
the A; and the I (ego) is gone there (the
worshipper should know that he is uktha and prana).
This becomes perfect as a thousand of Brihati
verses, and of that hymn, perfect with a thousand
Brihati verses, there are 36,000 syllables. So many are
also the thousands of days of human life. By
means of the syllable of life (the a) alone (which is
contained in that thousand of hymns) does a man
obtain the day of life (the mahavrata day, which
completes the number of the days in the Gavamayana
sacrifice), and by means of the day of life (he obtains) the
syllable of life.
Now there is a chariot of the god (prana)
destroying all desires (for the worlds of Indra, the
moon, the earth, all of which lie below the place of
Hiranyagarbha). Its front part (the point of the two
shafts of the carriage where the yoke is fastened) is
speech, its wheels the ears, the horses the eyes, the
driver the mind. Prana (breath) mounts that chariot (and
on it, i.e. by means of meditating on Prana, he
reaches Hiranyagarbha).
This has been said by a Rishi (Rv. X, 39, 12):
`Come hither on that which is quicker than
mind,' and (Rv. VIII, 73, 2) `Come hither on that
which is quicker than the twinkling of an eye,' yea, the
twinkling of an eye.
Fourth Adhyaya

With this adhyaya begins the real Upanishad, best known
under the name of the Aitareya-upanishad, and
often separately edited, commented on, and translated. If
treated separately, what we call the fourth
adhyaya of the second Aranyaka, becomes the first
adhyaya of the Upanishad, sometimes also, by counting
all adhyayas from the beginning of the Aitareya-aranyaka,
the ninth. The divisions adopted by Sayana,
who explains the Upanishad as part of the Aranyaka, and
by Sankara, who explains it independently,
vary, though Sayana states that he follows in his
commentary on the Upanishad the earlier commentary of
Sankara. I have given the divisions adopted by Sayana,
and have marked those of Sankara's by figures in
parentheses, placed at the end of each paragraph. The
difference between this Upanishad and the three
preceding adhyayas is easily perceived. Hitherto the
answer to the question, Whence this world? had
been, From Prana, prana meaning breath and life, which
was looked upon for a time as a sufficient
explanation of all that is. From a psychological point of
view this prana is the conscious self
(pragnatman); in a more mythological form it appears as
Hiranyagarbha, `the golden germ,' sometimes
even as Indra. It is one of the chief objects of the
pranavidya, or life-knowledge, to show that the living
principle in us is the same as the living principle in the
sun, and that by a recognition of their identity and
of the true nature of prana, the devotee, or he who has
rightly meditated on prana during his life, enters
after death into the world of Hiranyagarbha.
This is well expressed in the Kaushitaki-upanishad III, 2,
where Indra says to Pratardana: `I am Prana;
meditate on me as the conscious self (pragnatman), as
life, as immortality. Life is prana, prana is life.
Immortality is prana, prana is immortality. By prana he
obtains immortality in the other world, by
knowledge (pragna) true conception. Prana is
consciousness (pragna), consciousness is prana.'
This, however, though it may have satisfied the mind of
the Brahmans for a time, was not a final solution.
That final solution of the problem not simply of life, but of
existence, is given in the Upanishad which
teaches that Atman, the Self, and not Prana, Life, is the
last and only cause of everything. In some places
this doctrine is laid down in all its simplicity. Our true self,
it is said, has its true being in the Highest
Self only. In other passages, however, and nearly in the
whole of this Upanishad, this simple doctrine is
mixed up with much that is mythological, fanciful, and
absurd, arthavada, as the commentators call it, but
as it might often be more truly called, anarthavada, and it
is only towards the end that the identity of the
self-conscious self with the Highest Self or Brahman is
clearly enuntiated.
Adoration to the Highest Self. Hari, Om!
Verily, in the beginning all this was Self, one
only; there was nothing else blinking whatsoever.
He thought: `Shall I send forth worlds?' (1) He
sent forth these worlds,
Ambhas (water), Mariki (light), Mara (mortal),
and Ap (water).
That Ambhas (water) is above the heaven, and
it is heaven, the support. The Marikis (the
lights) are the sky. The Mara (mortal) is the earth, and
the waters under the earth are the Ap world. (2)
He thought: `There are these worlds; shall I
send forth guardians of the worlds?'
He then formed the Purusha (the person), taking him forth
from the water. (3)
He brooded on him, and when that person had
thus been brooded on, a mouth burst forth like an
egg. From the mouth proceeded speech, from speech
Agni (fire).
Nostrils burst forth. From the nostrils proceeded scent
(prana), from scent Vayu (air).
Eyes burst forth. From the eyes proceeded sight, from
sight Aditya (sun).
Ears burst forth. From the ears proceeded hearing, from
hearing the Dis (quarters of the world).
Skin burst forth. From the skin proceeded hairs (sense of
touch), from the hairs shrubs and trees.
The heart burst forth. From the heart proceeded mind,
from mind Kandramas (moon).
The navel burst forth. From the navel proceeded the
Apana (the down-breathing), from Apana death.
The generative organ burst forth. From the organ
proceeded seed, from seed water. (4)

Those deities (devata), Agni and the rest, after
they had been sent forth, fell into this great
ocean.
he (the Self) besieged him, (the person) with
hunger and thirst.
The deities then (tormented by hunger and
thirst) spoke to him (the Self): `Allow us a place in
which we may rest and eat food.' (1)
He led a cow towards them (the deities). They said: `This
is not enough.' He led a horse towards them.
They said: `This is not enough.' (2)
He led man towards them. Then they said: `Well done,
indeed.' Therefore man is well done.
He said to them: `Enter, each according to his
place.' (3)
Then Agni (fire), having become speech,
entered the mouth. Vayu (air), having become scent,
entered the nostrils. Aditya (sun), having become sight,
entered the eyes. The Dis (regions), having
become hearing, entered the ears. The shrubs and trees,
having become hairs, entered the skin.
Kandramas (the moon), having become mind, entered the
heart. Death, having become down-breathing,
entered the navel. The waters, having become seed,
entered the generative organ. (4)
Then Hunger and Thirst spoke to him (the Self):
`Allow us two (a place).' He said to them: `I
assign you to those very deities there, I make you copartners with them.' Therefore to whatever deity an
oblation is offered, hunger and thirst are co-partners in it.
(5)

He thought: `There are these worlds and the
guardians of the worlds. Let me send forth food for
them.' (1)
He brooded over the water. From the water thus brooded
on, matter (murti) was born. And that matter
which was born, that verily was food. (2)
When this food (the object matter) had thus
been sent forth, it wished to flee, crying and turning
away. He (the subject) tried to grasp it by speech. He
could not grasp it by speech. If he had grasped it by
speech, man would be satisfied by naming food. (3)
He tried to grasp it by scent (breath). He could not grasp
it by scent. If he had grasped it by scent, man
would be satisfied by smelling food. (4)
He tried to grasp it by the eye. He could not grasp it by
the eye. If he had grasped it by the eye, man would
be satisfied by seeing food. (5)
He tried to grasp it by the ear. He could not grasp it by
the ear. If he had grasped it by the ear, man would
be satisfied by hearing food. (6)
He tried to grasp it by the skin. He could not grasp it by
the skin. If he had grasped it by the skin, man
would be satisfied by touching food. (7)
He tried to grasp it by the mind. He could not grasp it by
the mind. If he had grasped it by the mind, man
would be satisfied by thinking food. (8)
He tried to grasp it by the generative organ. He could not
grasp it by the organ. If he had grasped it by
the organ, man would be satisfied by sending forth food.
(9)
He tried to grasp it by the down-breathing (the breath
which helps to swallow food through the mouth and
to carry it off through the rectum, the payvindriya). He got
it.
Thus it is Vayu (the getter) who lays hold of
food, and the Vayu is verily Annayu (he who gives
life or who lives by food). (10)
He thought: `How can all this be without me?'
And then he thought: `By what way shall I get
there?'
And then he thought: `If speech names, if scent
smells, if the eye sees, if the ear hears, if the
skin feels, if the mind thinks, if the off-breathing digests, if
the organ sends forth, then what am I?' (11)
Then opening the suture of the skull, he got in
by that door.
That door is called the Vidriti (tearing asunder),
the Nandana (the place of bliss).
There are three dwelling-places for him, three
dreams; this dwelling-place (the eye), this
dwelling-place (the throat), this dwelling-place (the heart).
(12)
When born (when the Highest Self had entered
the body) he looked through all things, in order
to see whether anything wished to proclaim here another
(Self). He saw this person only (himself) as the
widely spread Brahman. `I saw it,' thus he said; (13)
Therefore he was Idam-dra (seeing this).
Being Idamdra by name, they call him Indra
mysteriously. For the Devas love mystery, yea,
they love mystery. (14)
Fifth Adhyaya

Let the women who are with child move away!
Verily, from the beginning he (the self) is in man
as a germ, which is called seed.
This (seed), which is strength gathered from all
the limbs of the body, he (the man) bears as self
in his self (body). When he commits the seed to the
woman, then he (the father) causes it to be born.
That is his first birth. (1)
That seed becomes the self of the woman, as if
one of her own limbs. Therefore it does not
injure her.
She nourishes his (her husband's) self (the son)
within her. (2) She who nourishes, is to be
nourished.
The woman bears the germ. He (the father)
elevates the child even before the birth, and
immediately after.
When he thus elevates the child both before
and after his birth, he really elevates his own self,
For the continuation of these worlds (men). For
thus are these worlds continued.
This is his second birth. (3)
He (the son), being his self, is then placed in
his stead for (the performance of) all good works.
But his other self (the father), having done all
he has to do, and having reached the full
measure of his life, departs.
And departing from hence he is born again.
That is his third birth.
And this has been declared by a Rishi (Rv. IV,
(4)
`While dwelling in the womb, I discovered all
the births of these Devas. A hundred iron
strongholds kept me, but I escaped quickly down like a
falcon.'
Vamadeva, lying in the womb, has thus
declared this. (5)
And having this knowledge he stepped forth, after this
dissolution of the body, and having obtained all his
desires in that heavenly world, became immortal, yea, he
became immortal. (6)
Sixth Adhyaya

Let the women go back to their place.
Who is he whom we meditate on as the Self?
Which is the Self?
That by which we see (form), that by which we
hear (sound), that by which we perceive smells,
that by which we utter speech, that by which we
distinguish sweet and not sweet, (1) and what comes
from
the heart and the mind, namely, perception, command,
understanding, knowledge, wisdom, seeing,
holding, thinking, considering, readiness (or suffering),
remembering, conceiving, willing, breathing,
loving, desiring?
No, all these are various names only of
knowledge (the true Self). (2)
And that Self, consisting of (knowledge), is
Brahman (m.), it is Indra, it is Pragapati. All these
Devas, these five great elements, earth, air, ether, water,
fire, these and those which are, as it were, small
and mixed, and seeds of this kind and that kind, born
from eggs, born from the womb, born from heat,
born from germs, horses, cows, men, elephants, and
whatsoever breathes, whether walking or flying, and
what is immoveable all that is led (produced) by
knowledge (the Self).
It rests on knowledge (the Self). The world is
led (produced) by knowledge (the Self).
Knowledge is its cause.
Knowledge is Brahman. (3)
He (Vamadeva), having by this conscious self
stepped forth from this world, and having
obtained all desires in that heavenly world, became
immortal, yea, he became immortal. Thus it is, Om.
(4)
Seventh Adhyaya

My speech rests in the mind, my mind rests in
speech. Appear to me (thou, the Highest Self)!
You (speech and mind) are the two pins (that hold the
wheels) of the Veda. May what I have learnt not
forsake me. I join day and night with what I have learnt. I
shall speak of the real, I shall speak the true.
May this protect me, may this protect the teacher! May it
protect me, may it protect the teacher, yea, the
teacher!
Part 3
Third Aranyaka
First Adhyaya

Next follows the Upanishad of the Samhita.
The former half is the earth, the latter half the
heaven, their union the air, thus says Mandukeya;
their union is the ether, thus did Makshavya teach it.
That air is not considered independent,
therefore I do not agree with his (Manduka's) son.
Verily, the two are the same, therefore air is
considered independent, thus says Agastya. For it
is the same, whether they say air or ether.
So far with reference to deities (mythologically);
now with reference to the body
(physiologically):
The former half is speech, the latter half is mind,
their union breath (prana), thus says Suravira
Mandukeya.
But his eldest son said: The former half is mind,
the latter half speech. For we first conceive
with the mind indeed, and then we utter with speech.
Therefore the former half is indeed mind, the latter
half speech, but their union is really breath.
Verily, it is the same with both, the father
(Mandukeya) and the son.
This (meditation as here described), joined with
mind, speech, and breath, is (like) a chariot
drawn by two horses and one horse between them
(prashtivahana).
And he who thus knows this union, becomes
united with offspring, cattle, fame, glory of
countenance, and the world of Svarga. He lives his full
age.
Now all this comes from the Mandukeyas.

Next comes the meditation as taught by
Sakalya.
The first half is the earth, the second half
heaven, their uniting the rain, the uniter Parganya.
And so it is when he (Parganya) rains thus
strongly, without ceasing, day and night,
Then they say also (in ordinary language),
`Heaven and earth have come together.'
So much with regard to the deities; now with
regard to the body:
Every man is indeed like an egg. There are two
halves (of him), thus they say: `This half is the
earth, that half heaven.' And there between them is the
ether (the space of the mouth), like the ether
between heaven and earth. In this ether there (in the
mouth) the breath is fixed, as in that other ether the
air is fixed. And as there are those three luminaries (in
heaven), there are these three luminaries in man.
As there is that sun in heaven, there is this eye
in the head. As there is that lightning in the sky,
there is this heart in the body; as there is that fire on
earth, there is this seed in the member.
Having thus represented the self (body) as the
whole world, Sakalya said: This half is the earth,
that half heaven.
He who thus knows this union, becomes united
with offspring, cattle, fame, glory of
countenance, and the world of Svarga. He lives his full
age.

Next come the reciters of the Nirbhuga.
Nirbhuga abides on earth, Pratrinna in heaven,
the Ubhayamantarena in the sky.
Now, if any one should chide him who recites
the Nirbhuga, let him answer: `Thou art fallen
from the two lower places.' If any one should chide him
who recites the Pratrinna, let him answer: `Thou
art fallen from the two higher places.' But he who recites
the Ubhayamantarena, there is no chiding him.
For when he turns out the Sandhi (the union of
words), that is the form of Nirbhuga; and when
he pronounces two syllables pure (without modification),
that is the form of Pratrinna. This comes first.
By the Ubhayamantara (what is between the two) both
are fulfilled (both the sandhi and the pada).
Let him who wishes for proper food say the
Nirbhuga; let him who wishes for Svarga, say the
Pratrinna; let him who wishes for both say the
Ubhayamantarena.
Now if another man (an enemy) should chide
him who says the Nirbhuga, let him say to him:
`Thou hast offended the earth, the deity; the earth, the
deity, will strike thee.'
If another man should chide him who says the Pratrinna,
let him say to him: `Thou hast offended heaven,
the deity; heaven, the deity, will strike thee.'
If another man should chide him who says the
Ubhayamantarena, let him say to him: `Thou hast
offended
the sky, the deity; the sky, the deity, will strike thee.'
And whatever the reciter shall say to one who
speaks to him or does not speak to him, depend
upon it, it will come to pass.
But to a Brahmana let him not say anything
except what is auspicious.
Only he may curse a Brahmana in excessive
wealth.
Nay, not even in excessive wealth should he
curse a Brahmana, but he should say, `I bow
before Brahmanas,' thus says Suravira Mandukeya.

Next follow the imprecations.
Let him know that breath is the beam (on which
the whole house of the body rests).
If any one (a Brahmana or another man) should
chide him, who by meditation has become that
breath as beam, then, if he thinks himself strong, he says:
`I grasped the breath, the beam, well; thou dost
not prevail against me who have grasped the breath as
the beam.' Let him say to him: `Breath, the beam,
will forsake thee.'
But if he thinks himself not strong, let him say to
him: `Thou couldst not grasp him who wishes
to grasp the breath as the beam. Breath, the beam, will
forsake thee.'
And whatever the reciter shall say to one who
speaks to him or does not speak to him, depend
upon it, it will come to pass. But to a Brahmana let him
not say anything except what is auspicious. Only
he may curse a Brahmana in excessive wealth. Nay, not
even in excessive wealth should he curse a
Brahmana, but he should say, `I bow before Brahmanas,'
thus says Suravira Mandukeya.

Now those who repeat the Nirbhuga say:
`The former half is the first syllable, the latter half
the second syllable, and the space between the
first and second halves is the Samhita (union).'
He who thus knows this Samhita (union),
becomes united with offspring, cattle, fame, glory of
countenance, and the world of Svarga. He lives his full
age.
Now Hrasva Mandukeya says: `We reciters of
Nirbhuga say, "Yes, the former half is the first
syllable, and the latter half the second syllable, but the
Samhita is the space between the first and second
halves in so far as by it one turns out the union (sandhi),
and knows what is the accent and what is not,
and distinguishes what is the mora and what is not."'
He who thus knows this Samhita (union),
becomes united with offspring, cattle, fame, glory of
countenance, and the world of Svarga. He lives his full
age.
Now his middle son, the child of his mother
Pratibodhi, says: `One pronounces these two
syllables letter by letter, without entirely separating them,
and without entirely uniting them. Then that
mora between the first and second halves, which
indicates the union, that is the Saman (evenness,
sliding). I therefore hold Saman only to be the Samhita
(union).
This has also been declared by a Rishi (Rv. II,
`O Brihaspati, they know nothing higher than
Saman.'
He who thus knows this Samhita (union),
becomes united with offspring, cattle, fame, glory of
countenance, and the world of Svarga. He lives his full
age.

Tarukshya said: `The Samhita (union) is formed
by means of the Brihat and Rathantara Samans.'
Verily, the Rathantara Saman is speech, the
Brihat Saman is breath. By both, by speech and
breath, the Samhita is formed.
For this Upanishad (for acquiring from his
teacher the knowledge of this Samhita of speech and
breath) Tarukshya guards (his teacher's) cows a whole
year.
For it alone Tarukshya guards the cows a whole
year.
This has also been declared by a Rishi (Rv. X,
and Rv. X, 181, 2):
`Vasishtha carried hither the Rathantara;
`Bharadvaga brought hither the Brihat of Agni.'
He who thus knows this Samhita (union),
becomes united with offspring, cattle, fame, glory of
countenance, and the world of Svarga. He lives his full
age.
Kauntharavya said: `Speech is united with
breath, breath with the blowing air, the blowing air
with the Visvedevas, the Visvedevas with the heavenly
world, the heavenly world with Brahman. That
Samhita is called the gradual Samhita.'
He who knows this gradual Samhita (union),
becomes united with offspring, cattle, fame, glory
of countenance, and the world of Svarga, in exactly the
same manner as this Samhita, i.e. gradually.
If that worshipper, whether for his own sake or
for that of another, recites (the Samhita), let
him know when he is going to recite, that this Samhita
went up to heaven, and that it will be even so with
those who by knowing it become Devas. May it always
be so!
He who thus knows this Samhita (union),
becomes united with offspring, cattle, fame, glory of
countenance, and the world of Svarga. He lives his full
age.
Pankalakanda said: `The Samhita (union,
composition) is speech.'
Verily, by speech the Vedas, by speech the
metres are composed. Friends unite through
speech, all beings unite through speech; therefore
speech is everything here.
With regard to this (view of speech being more
than breath), it should be borne in mind that
when we thus repeat (the Veda) or speak, breath is
(absorbed) in speech; speech swallows breath. And
when we are silent or sleep, speech is (absorbed) in
breath; breath swallows speech. The two swallow
each other. Verily, speech is the mother, breath the son.
This has been declared also by a Rishi (Rv. X,
`There is one bird; (as wind) he has entered
the sky; (as breath or living soul) he saw this
whole world. With my ripe mind I saw him close to me (in
the heart); the mother (licks or) absorbs him
(breath), and he absorbs the mother (speech).'
He who thus knows this Samhita (union),
becomes united with offspring, cattle, fame, glory of
countenance, and the world of Svarga. He lives his full
age.
Next follows the Pragapati-Samhita.
The former half is the wife, the latter half the
man; the result of their union the son; the act of
their union the begetting; that Samhita is Aditi
(indestructible).
For Aditi (indestructible) is all this whatever
there is, father, mother, son, and begetting.
This has also been declared by a Rishi (Rv. I,
`Aditi is mother, is father, is son.'
He who thus knows this Samhita (union),
becomes united with offspring, cattle, fame, glory of
countenance, and the world of Svarga. He lives his full
age.
Second Adhyaya

Sthavira Sakalya said that breath is the beam,
and as the other beams rest on the house-beam,
thus the eye, the ear, the mind, the speech, the senses,
the body, the whole self rests on this breath.
Of that self the breathing is like the sibilants, the
bones like the mutes, the marrow like the
vowels, and the fourth part, flesh, blood, and the rest, like
the semivowels, so said Hrasva Mandukeya.
To us it was said to be a triad only.
Of that triad, viz. bones, marrow, and joints,
there are 360 (parts) on this side (the right), and
on that side (the left). They make 720 together, and
are the days and nights of the year. Thus that
self which consists of sight, hearing, metre, mind, and
speech is like unto the days.
He who thus knows this self, which consists of
sight, hearing, metre, mind, and speech, as like
unto the days, obtains union, likeness, or nearness with
the days, has sons and cattle, and lives his full
age.

Next comes Kauntharavya:
There are 360 syllables (vowels), 360 sibilants
(consonants), 360 groups.
What we called syllables are the days, what we
called sibilants are the nights, what we called
groups are the junctions of days and nights. So far with
regard to the gods (the days).
Now with regard to the body. The syllables
which we explained mythologically, are
physiologically the bones; the sibilants which we
explained mythologically, are physiologically the
marrow.
Marrow is the real breath (life), for marrow is
seed, and without breath (life) seed is not sown.
Or when it is sown without breath (life), it will decay, it will
not grow.
The groups which we explained mythologically,
are physiologically the joints.
Of that triad, viz. bones, marrow, and joints,
there are 540 (parts) on this side (the right), and
on that side (the left). They make 1080 together, and
are the rays of the sun. They make the
Brihati verses and the day (of the Mahavrata).
Thus that self which consists of sight, hearing,
metre, mind, and speech is like unto the
syllables.
He who knows this self which consists of sight,
hearing, metre, mind, and speech, as like unto
syllables, obtains union, likeness, or nearness with the
syllables, has sons and cattle, and lives his full age.

Badhva says, there are four persons (to be
meditated on and worshipped).
The person of the body, the person of the
metres, the person of the Veda, and the Great person.
What we call the person of the body is this
corporeal self. Its essence is the incorporeal
conscious self.
What we call the person of the metres is this
collection of letters (the Veda). Its essence is the
vowel a.
What we call the person of the Veda is (the
mind) by which we know the Vedas, the Rig-veda,
Yagur-veda, and Sama-veda. Its essence is Brahman
(m.)
Therefore let one chose a Brahman-priest who
is full of Brahman (the Veda), and is able to see
any flaw in the sacrifice.
What we call the Great person is the year, which
causes some beings to fall together, and causes
others to grow up. Its essence is yonder sun.
One should know that the incorporeal conscious
self and yonder sun are both one and the same.
Therefore the sun appears to every man singly (and
differently).
This has also been declared by a Rishi (Rv. I,
`The bright face of the gods arose, the eye of
Mitra, Varuna, and Agni; it filled heaven and
earth and the sky, the sun is the self of all that rests and
moves.'
`This I think to be the regular Samhita as
conceived by me,' thus said Badhva.
For the Bahvrikas consider him (the self) in the
great hymn (mahad uktha), the Adhvaryus in
the sacrificial fire, the Khandogas in the Mahavrata
ceremony. Him they see in this earth, in heaven, in
the air, in the ether, in the water, in herbs, in trees, in the
moon, in the stars, in all beings. Him alone
they call Brahman.
That self which consists of sight, hearing,
metre, mind, and speech is like unto the year.
He who recites to another that self which
consists of sight, hearing, metre, mind, and speech,
and is like unto the year,

To him the Vedas yield no more milk, he has no
luck in what he has learnt (from his Guru); he
does not know the path of virtue.
This has also been declared by a Rishi (Rv. X,
`He who has forsaken the friend (the Veda), that
knows his friends, in his speech there is no
luck. Though he hears, he hears in vain, for he does not
know the path of virtue.'
Here it is clearly said that he has no luck in what
he has learnt, and that he does not know the
path of virtue.
Therefore let no one who knows this, lay the
sacrificial fire (belonging to the Mahavrata) for
another, let him not sing the Samans of the Mahavrata for
another, let him not recite the Sastras of that
day for another.
However, let him willingly do this for a father or
for an Akarya; for that is done really for
himself.
We have said that the incorporeal conscious
self and the sun are one. When these two become
separated, the sun is seen as if it were the moon; no rays
spring from it; the sky is red like madder; the
patient cannot retain the wind, his head smells bad like a
raven's nest: let him know then that his self
(in the body) is gone, and that he will not live very long.
Then whatever he thinks he has to do, let him
do it, and let him recite the following hymns: Yad
anti yak ka durake (Rv. IX, 67, 21-27); Ad it pratnasya
retasah (Rv. VIII, 6, 30); Yatra brahma pavamana
(Rv. IX, 113, 6-11); Ud vayam tamasas pari (Rv. I, 50,
Next, when the sun is seen pierced, and seems
like the nave of a cart-wheel, when he sees his
own shadow pierced, let him know then that it is so (as
stated before, i.e. that he is going to die soon).
Next, when he sees himself in a mirror or in the
water with a crooked head, or without a head,
or when his pupils are seen inverted or not straight, let
him know then that it is so.
Next, let him cover his eyes and watch, then
threads are seen as if falling together. But if he
does not see them, let him know then that it is so.
Next, let him cover his ears and listen, and
there will be a sound as if of a burning fire or of a
carriage. But if he does not hear it, let him know then that
it is so.
Next, when fire looks blue like the neck of a
peacock, or when he sees lightning in a cloudless
sky, or no lightning in a clouded sky, or when he sees as
it were bright rays in a dark cloud, let him know
then that it is so.
Next, when he sees the ground as if it were
burning, let him know that it is so.
These are the visible signs (from 7-14).
Next come the dreams.
If he sees a black man with black teeth, and
that man kills him; or a boar kills him; a monkey
jumps on him; the wind carries him along quickly; having
swallowed gold he spits it out; he eats honey;
he chews stalks; he carries a red lotus; he drives with
asses and boars; wearing a wreath of red flowers
(naladas) he drives a black cow with a black calf, facing
the south,
If a man sees any one of these (dreams), let
him fast, and cook a pot of milk, sacrifice it,
accompanying each oblation with a verse of the Ratri
hymn (Rv. X, 127), and then, after having fed the
Brahmanas, with other food (prepared at his house) eat
himself the (rest of the) oblation.
Let him know that the person within all beings,
not heard here, not reached, not thought, not
subdued, not seen, not understood, not classed, but
hearing, thinking, seeing, classing, sounding,
understanding, knowing, is his Self.

Now next the Upanishad of the whole speech.
True all these are Upanishads of the whole speech, but
this they call so (chiefly).
The mute consonants represent the earth, the
sibilants the sky, the vowels heaven.
The mute consonants represent Agni (fire), the sibilants
air, the vowels the sun.
The mute consonants represent the Rig-veda, the
sibilants the Yagur-veda, the vowels the Sama-veda.
The mute consonants represent the eye, the sibilants the
ear, the vowels the mind.
The mute consonants represent the up-breathing, the
sibilants the down-breathing, the vowels the backbreathing.
Next comes this divine lute (the human body,
made by the gods). The lute made by man is an
imitation of it.
As there is a head of this, so there is a head of
that (lute, made by man). As there is a stomach
of this, so there is the cavity (in the board) of that. As
there is a tongue of this, so there is a tongue in
that. As there are fingers of this, so there are strings of
that. As there are vowels of this, so there are
tones of that. As there are consonants of this, so there
are touches of that. As this is endowed with sound
and firmly strung, so that is endowed with sound and
firmly strung. As this is covered with a hairy skin,
so that is covered with a hairy skin.
Verily, in former times they covered a lute with a
hairy skin.
He who knows this lute made by the Devas (and
meditates on it), is willingly listened to, his
glory fills the earth, and wherever they speak Aryan
languages, there they know him.
Next follows the verse, called vagrasa, the
essence of speech. When a man reciting or speaking
in an assembly does not please, let him say this verse:
`May the queen of all speech, who is covered,
as it were, by the lips, surrounded by teeth, as if by
spears, who is a thunderbolt, help me to speak well.' This
is the vagrasa, the essence of speech.

Next Krishna-Harita confided this Brahmana
concerning speech to him (his pupil):
Pragapati, the year, after having sent forth all
creatures, burst. He put himself together again by
means of khandas (Vedas). Because he put himself
together again by means of khandas, therefore (the
text of the Veda) is called Samhita (put together).
Of that Samhita the letter n is the strength, the
letter sh the breath and self (atman).
He who knows the Rik verses and the letters n
and sh for every Samhita, he knows the Samhita
with strength and breath. Let him know that this is the life
of the Samhita.
If the pupil asks, `Shall I say it with the letter n or
without it?' let the teacher say, `With the
letter n' And if he asks, `Shall I say it with the letter sh or
without it?' let the teacher say, `With the letter
sh.'
Hrasva Mandukeya said: `If we here recite the
verses according to the Samhita (attending to the
necessary changes of n and s into n and sh), and if we
say the adhyaya of Mandukeya (Ait. Ar. III, 1),
then the letters n and sh (strength and breath) have by
this been obtained for us.'
Sthavira Sakalya said: `If we recite the verses
according to the Samhita, and if we say the
adhyaya of Mandukeya, then the letters n and sh have by
this been obtained for us.'
Here the Rishis, the Kavasheyas, knowing this,
said: `Why should we repeat (the Veda), why
should we sacrifice? We offer as a sacrifice breath in
speech, or speech in breath. What is the beginning
(of one), that is the end (of the other).'
Let no one tell these Samhitas (Ait. Ar. III, 1-2)
to one who is not a resident pupil, who has not
been with his teacher at least one year, and who is not
himself to become an instructor. Thus say the
teachers, yea, thus say the teachers.
Note: All these are technicalities connected with
the singing and reciting of the uktha. The
commentator says: The stoma is a collection of single
Rik verses occurring in the trikas which have to be
sung. The Trivrit stoma, as explained in the Samabrahmana, is as follows: There are three Suktas, each
consisting of three verses, the first being upasmai gayata,
S. V. Uttararkika I, 1, 1 = Rv. IX, 11. The
Udgatri first sings the first three verses in each hymn.
This is the first round. He then sings the three
middle verses in each hymn. This is the second round.
He lastly sings the last three verses in each hymn.
This is the third round. This song is called Udyati.
The Pankadasa stoma is formed out of one Sukta only,
consisting of three verses. In the first round he
sings the first verse three times, the second and third
once. In the second round he sings the middle verse
three times, in the third round he sings the last verse
three times. This song is called Vishtuti.
The Saptadasa stoma is formed in the same manner,
only that in the first round he sings the first verse
three times, in the second the middle verse three times, in
the third round the middle and last verses three
times. This song is called Dasasapta.
The Ekavimsa stoma is formed in the same manner, only
that in the first round he sings the last verse
once, in the second the first verse once, in the third the
middle verse once, while the other verses are each
repeated three times. This song is called Saptasaptini.
The Pankavimsa stoma is formed in the same manner,
only that in the first round he sings the first verse
three times, the second four times, the last once; in the
second round the first once, the second three times,
the third four times; in the third round the first five times,
the second once, the last three times; or he
sings in the third round the first verse four times, the
second twice, the last three times.
Sayana in his commentary on the Ait. Ar. takes the Trivrit
stoma to be formed out of three hymns, each
consisting of three verses, while he says that the other
stomas are formed out of one hymn only. B. and
R., s. v. trivrit, state that this stoma consists of verses 1,
 8; and 3, 6, 9 of the Rig-veda hymn IX,
but, accoording to Sayana, the stoma consists (1) of
the first verses of the three Suktas, ukpasmai
gayata, davidyutatya, and pavamanasya at the beginning
of the Sama-veda-Uttararkika, (2) of the second,
(3) of the third verses of the same three hymns.
Mahidhara (Yv. X, 9) takes the same view, though the
MSS. seem to have left out the description of the second
paryaya, while Sayana in his commentary to the
Tandya-brahmana seems to support the opinion of B. and
R. There is an omission, however, in the
printed text of the commentary, which makes it difficult to
see the exact meaning of Sayana.
The Pankadasa stoma is well deccribed by Sayana,
Tandya Br. II, 4. Taking the Sukta agna a yahi
(Uttararkika I, 1, 4 = Rv. VI, 16, 10-12), he shows the
stoma to consist of (1) verse 1 x 3, 2, 3; (2) verse 1,
x 3, 3; (3) verse 1, 2, 3 x 3.
The five Samans are explained by the commentator. The
Gayatra is formed out of the Rik (III, 62, 10) tat
savitur varenyam. The Rathantara is formed out of the
Rik (VII, 32, 22) abhi tva sura nonuma. The
Brihat is formed out of the Rik (VI, 46, 1) tvam id dhi
havamahe. The Bhadra is formed out of the Rik
(X, 157, 1) ima nu kam. The Ragana is formed out of the
Rik (VII, 27, 1) indram naro nemadhita.
The metres require no explanation.
In identifying certain portions of the Nishkevalya hymn
with a bird, the head of the bird corresponds to
the hymns indram id gathinah, &c.; the right wing to the
hymns abhi tva sura, &c.; the left wing to the
hymns tvam id dhi, &c.; the tail to the hymns ima nu kam,
&c.; the body to the hymns tad id asa, &c. All
this was explained in the first Aranyaka.
Note: The strict prohibition uttered at the end
of the third Aranyaka, not to divulge a
knowledge of the Samhita-upanishad (Ait. Ar. III, 1-2), as
here explained, is peculiar. It would have
seemed self-evident that, like the rest of the sruti or
sacred literature, the Aranyaka too, and evey portion
of it, could have been learnt from the mouth of a teacher
only, and according to rule (niyamena), i.e. by a
pupil performing all the duties of a student (brahmakarin),
so that no one except a regular pupil
(antevasin) could possibly gain access to it. Nor can
there be any doubt that we ought to take the words
asamvatsaravasin and apravaktri as limitations, and to
translate, `Let no one tell these Samhitas to any
pupil who has not at least been a year with his master,
and who does not mean to become a teacher in
turn.'
That this is the right view is confirmed by similar
injunctions given at the end of the fifth Aranyaka. Here
we have first some rules as to who is qualified to recite
the Mahavrata. No one is permitted to do so, who
has not passed throught the Diksha, the initiation for the
Agnishtoma. If the Mahavrata is performed as a
Sattra, the sacrificer is a Hotri priest, and he naturally has
passed through tha ceremony. But if the
Mahavrata is performed as an Ekaha or Ahina ceremony,
anybody might be the sacrificer, and therefore it
was necessary to say that no one who is adikshita,
uninitiated, should recite it for another person; not
should he do so, when the Mahavrata is performed
without (or with) an altar, or if it does not last one
year. In saying, however, that one should not recite the
Mahavrata for another person, parents and
teachers are not to be understood as included, because
what is done for them, is done for ouselves.
After these restrictions as to the recitation of the
Mahavrata, follow other restrictions as to the teaching of
it, and here we read, as at the end of the Upanishad:
`Let no one teach this day, the Mahavrata, to one who
is not a regular pupil (antevasin), and has been
so for one year, certainly not to one who has not been so
for one year; not to one who is not a brahmakarin
and does not study the same Veda, certainly not to one
who does not study the same Veda; nor to one who
does not come to him.
`Let the teaching not be more than saying it once or
twice, twice only.
`One man should tell it to one man, so says
Gatukarnya.
`Not to a child, nor to a man in his third stage of life.
`The teacher and pupil should not stand, nor walk, nor
lie down, nor sit on a couch; but they should
both sit on the ground.
`The pupil should not lean backward while learning,
nor lean forward. He should not be covered with
too much clothing, nor assume the postures of a devotee,
but without using any of the apparel of a devotee,
simply elevate his knees. Nor should he learn, when he
has eaten flesh, when he has seen blood, or a
corpse, or when he has done an unlawful thing; when he
has anointed his eyes, oiled or rubbed his body,
when he has been shaved or bathed, put colour on, or
ornamented himself with flower-wreaths, when he
has been writing or effacing his writing.
`Nor should he finish the reading in one day, so says
Gatukarnya, while according to Galava, he
should finish it in one day. Agnivesyayana holds that he
should finish all before the Trikasitis, and then
rest in another place finishing it.
`And in the place where he reads this, he should not
read anything else, though he may read this (the
Mdahavrata) where he has read something else.
`No one should bathe and become a snataka who
does not read this. Even if he has read many other
things, he should not become a snataka if he has not
read this.
`Nor should he forget it, and even if he should forget
anything else, he should not forget this.
`No, he should never forget this.
`If he does not forget this, it will be enough for himself
(or for acquiring a knowledge of the Self).
`It is enough, let him know this to be true.
`Let him who knows this not communicate, nor dine,
nor amuse himself with any one who does not
know it.'
Then follow some more rules as to the reading of the
Veda in general:
`When the old water that stood round the roots of
trees is dried up (after about the month of Pausha,
January to February) he should not read; nor (at any
time) in the morning or in the afternoon, when the
shadows meet (he should begin at sunrise so soon as the
shadows divide, and end in the evening before
they fall together). Nor should he read when a cloud has
risen; and when there is an unseasonable rain
(after the months of Sravana and Bhadrapada, August
and September) he should stop his Vedic reading
for three nights. Nor should he at that time tell stories,
not even during the night, nor should he glory in
his knowledge.
`This (the Veda thus learnt and studied) is the name
of that Great Being; and he who thus knows the
name of that Great Being, he becomes Brahman, yea, he
becomes Brahman.'
Kaushitaki-Brahmana-Upanishad
First Adhyaya
Kitra Gangyayani, forsooth, wishing to perform a
sacrifice, chose Aruni (Uddalaka, to be his chief
priest). But Aruni sent his son, Svetaketu, and said:
`Perform the sacrifice for him.' When Svetaketu had
arrived, Kitra asked him: `Son of Gautama, is there a
hidden place in the world where you are able to
place me, or is it the other way, and are you going to
place me in the world to which it (that other way)
leads?'
He answered and said: `I do not know this. But, let me
ask the master.' Having approached his father, he
asked `Thus has Kitra asked me; how shall I answer?'
Aruni said: `I also do not know this. Only after having
learnt the proper portion of the Veda in Kitra's
own dwelling, shall we obtain what others give us
(knowledge). Come, we will both go.'
Having said this he took fuel in his hand (like a pupil), and
approached Kitra Gangyayani, saying: `May I
come near to you?' He replied: `You are worthy of
Brahman, O Gautama, because you were not led away
by pride. Come hither, I shall make you know clearly.'
And Kitra said: All who depart from this world (or this
body go to the moon. In the former, (the
bright) half, the moon delights in their spirits; in the other,
(the dark) half, the moon sends them on to be
born again. Verily, the moon is the door of the Svarga
world (the heavenly world). Now, if a man objects
to the moon (if one is not satisfied with life there) the
moon sets him free. But if a man does not object,
then the moon sends him down as rain upon this earth.
And according to his deeds and according to his
knowledge he is born again here as a worm, or as an
insect, or as a fish, or as a bird, or as a lion, or as a
boar, or as a serpent, or as a tiger, or as a man, or as
something else in different places. When he has thus
returned to the earth, some one (a sage) asks: `Who art
thou?' And he should answer: `From the wise
moon, who orders the seasons, when it is born consisting
of fifteen parts, from the moon who is the home
of our ancestors, the seed was brought. This seed, even
me, they (the gods mentioned in the
Pankagnividya) gathered up in an active man, and
through an active man they brought me to a mother.
Then I, growing up to be born, a being living by months,
whether twelve or thirteen, was together with my
father, who also lived by (years of) twelve or thirteen
months, that I might either know it (the true
Brahman) or not know it. Therefore, O ye seasons, grant
that I may attain immortality (knowledge of
Brahman). By this my true saying, by this my toil
(beginning with the dwelling in the moon and ending
with my birth on earth) I am (like) a season, and the child
of the seasons.' `Who art thou?' the sage asks
again. `I am thou,' he replies. Then he sets him free (to
proceed onward).
He (at the time of death), having reached the path of
the gods, comes to the world of Agni (fire), to
the world of Vayu (air), to the world of Varuna, to the
world of Indra, to the world of Pragapati (Virag), to
the world of Brahman (Hiranyagarbha). In that world
there is the lake Ara, the moments called Yeshtiha,
the river Vigara (age-less), the tree Ilya, the city Salagya,
the palace Aparagita (unconquerable), the doorkeepers Indra and Pragapati, the hall of Brahman, called
Vibhu (built by vibhu, egoism), the throne
Vikakshana (buddhi, perception), the couch Amitaugas
(endless splendour), and the beloved Manasi
(mind) and her image Kakshushi (eye), who, as if taking
flowers, are weaving the worlds, and the
Apsaras, the Ambas (sruti, sacred scriptures), and
Ambayavis (buddhi, understanding), and the rivers
Ambayas (leading to the knowledge of Brahman). To this
world he who knows this (who knows the
Paryanka-vidya) approaches. Brahman says to him: `Run
towards him (servants) with such worship as is
due to myself. He has reached the river Vigara (ageless), he will never age.'
Then five hundred Apsaras go towards him, one
hundred with garlands in their hands, one hundred
with ointments in their hands, one hundred with perfumes
in their hands, one hundred with garments in
their hands, one hundred with fruit in their hands. They
adorn him with an adornment worthy of
Brahman, and when thus adorned with the adornment of
Brahman, the knower of Brahman moves
towards Brahman (neut.) He comes to the lake Ara, and
he crosses it by the mind, while those who come
to it without knowing the truth, are drowned. He comes to
the moments called Yeshtiha, they flee from
him. He comes to the river Vigara, and crosses it by the
mind alone, and there shakes off his good and
evil deeds. His beloved relatives obtain the good, his
unbeloved relatives the evil he has done. And as a
man, driving in a chariot, might look at the two wheels
(without being touched by them), thus he will look
at day and night, thus at good and evil deeds, and at all
pairs (at all correlative things, such as light and
darkness, heat and cold, &c.) Being freed from good and
freed from evil he, the knower of Brahman
(neut.), moves towards Brahman.
He approaches the tree Ilya, and the odour of
Brahman reaches him. He approaches the city Salagya,
and the flavour of Brahman reaches him. He approaches
the palace Aparagita, and the splendour of
Brahman reaches him. He approaches the door-keepers
Indra and Pragapati, and they run away from
him. He approaches the hall Vibhu, and the glory of
Brahman reaches him (he thinks, I am Brahman).
He approaches the throne Vikakshana. The Saman
verses, Brihad and Rathantara, are the eastern feet of
that throne; the Saman verses, Syaita and Naudhasa, its
western feet; the Saman verses, Vairupa and
Vairaga, its sides lengthways (south and north); the
Saman verses, Sakvara and Raivata, its sides
crossways (east and west). That throne is Pragna,
knowledge, for by knowledge (self-knowledge) he sees
clearly. He approaches the couch Amitaugas. That is
Prana (speech). The past and the future are its
eastern feet; prosperity and earth its western feet; the
Saman verses, Brihad and Rathantara, are the two
sides lengthways of the couch (south and north); the
Saman verses, Bhadra and Yagnayagniya, are its
cross-sides at the head and feet (east and west); the Rik
and Saman are the long sheets (east and west); the
Yagus the cross-sheets (south and north); the moonbeam the cushion; the Udgitha the (white) coverlet;
prosperity the pillow. On this couch sits Brahman, and he
who knows this (who knows himself one with
Brahman sitting on the couch) mounts it first with one foot
only. Then Brahman says to him: `Who art
thou?' and he shall answer:
`I am (like) a season, and the child of the seasons,
sprung from the womb of endless space, from the
light (from the luminous Brahman). The light, the origin of
the year, which is the past, which is the
present, which is all living things, and all elements, is the
Self. Thou art the Self. What thou art, that am
I.'
Brahman says to him: `Who am I?' He shall answer: `That
which is, the true' (Sat-tyam).
Brahman asks: `What is the true?' He says to him: `What
is different from the gods and from the senses
(prana) that is Sat, but the gods and the senses are
Tyam. Therefore by that name Sattya (true) is called
all this whatever there is. All this thou art.'
This is also declared by a verse: `This great Rishi,
whose belly is the Yagus, the head the Saman, the
form the Rik, is to be known as being imperishable, as
being Brahman.'
Brahman says to him: `How dost thou obtain my male
names?' He should answer: `By breath (pranah).'
Brahman asks: `How my female names?' He should
answer: `By speech (vak).'
Brahman asks: `How my neuter names?' He should
answer: `By mind (manas).'
`How smells?' `By the nose.' `How forms?' `By the eye.'
`How sounds?' `By the ear.' `How flavours of
food?' `By the tongue.' `How actions?' `By the hands.'
`How pleasures and pain?' `By the body.' `How
joy, delight, and offspring?' `By the organ.' `How
journeyings?' `By the feet.' `How thoughts, and what is
to be known and desired?' `By knowledge (pragna)
alone.'
Brahman says to him: `Water indeed is this my world, the
whole Brahman world, and it is thine.'
Whatever victory, whatever might belongs to Brahman,
that victory and that might he obtains who knows
this, yea, who knows this.
Second Adhyaya
Prana (breath) is Brahman, thus says Kaushitaki. Of
this prana, which is Brahman, the mind
(manas) is the messenger, speech the housekeeper, the
eye the guard, the ear the informant. He who
knows mind as the messenger of prana, which is
Brahman, becomes possessed of the messenger. He
who
knows speech as the housekeeper, becomes possessed
of the housekeeper. He who knows the eye as the
guard, becomes possessed of the guard. He who knows
the ear as the informant, becomes possessed of the
informant.
Now to that prana, which is Brahman, all these deities
(mind, speech, eye, ear) bring an offering, though
he asks not for it, and thus to him who knows this all
creatures bring an offering, though he asks not for
it. For him who knows this, there is this Upanishad
(secret vow), `Beg not!' As a man who has begged
through a village and got nothing sits down and says, `I
shall never eat anything given by those people,'
and as then those who formerly refused him press him (to
accept their alms), thus is the rule for him who
begs not, but the charitable will press him and say, `Let
us give to thee.'
Prana (breath) is Brahman, thus says Paingya. And
in that prana, which is Brahman, the eye stands
firm behind speech, the ear stands firm behind the eye,
the mind stands firm behind the ear, and the spirit
stands firm behind the mind. To that prana, which is
Brahman, all these deities bring an offering, though
he asks not for it, and thus to him who knows this, all
creatures bring an offering, though he asks not for
it. For him who knows this, there is this Upanishad
(secret vow), `Beg not!' As a man who has begged
through a village and got nothing sits down and says, `I
shall never eat anything given by those people,'
and as then those who formerly refused him press him (to
accept their alms), thus is the rule for him who
begs not, but the charitable will press him and say, `Let
us give to thee.'
Now follows the attainment of the highest treasure
(scil. prana, spirit). If a man meditates on that
highest treasure, let him on a full moon or a new moon, or
in the bright fortnight, under an auspicious
Nakshatra, at one of these proper times, bending his right
knee, offer oblations of ghee with a ladle
(sruva), after having placed the fire, swept the ground,
strewn the sacred grass, and sprinkled water. Let
him say: `The deity called Speech is the attainer, may it
attain this for me from him (who possesses and
can bestow what I wish for). Svaha to it!'
`The deity called prana (breath) is the attainer, may it
attain this for me from him. Svaha to it!'
`The deity called the eye is the attainer, may it attain this
for me from him. Svaha to it!'
`The deity called the ear is the attainer, may it attain this
for me from him. Svaha to it!'
`The deity called mind (manas) is the attainer of it, may it
attain this for me from him. Svaha to it.'
`The deity called pragna (knowledge) is the attainer of it,
may it attain this for me from him. Svaha to it!'
Then having inhaled the smell of the smoke, and having
rubbed his limbs with the ointment of ghee,
walking on in silence, let him declare his wish, or let him
send a messenger. He will surely obtain his
wish.
Now follows the Daiva Smara, the desire to be
accomplished by the gods. If a man desires to become
dear to any man or woman, or to any men or women,
then at one of the (fore-mentioned) proper times he
offers, in exactly the same manner (as before), oblations
of ghee, saying: `I offer thy speech in myself, I
(this one here), Svaha.' `I offer thy ear in myself, I (this
one here), Svaha.' `I offer thy mind in myself, I
(this one here), Svaha.' `I offer thy pragna (knowledge) in
myself, I (this one here), Svaha.' Then having
inhaled the smell of the smoke, and having rubbed his
limbs with the ointment of ghee, walking on in
silence, let him try to come in contact or let him stand
speaking in the wind, (so that the wind may carry
his words to the person by whom he desires to be loved).
Surely he becomes dear, and they think of him.
Now follows the restraint (samyamana) instituted by
Pratardana (the son of Divodasa): they call it
the inner Agni-hotra. So long as a man speaks, he
cannot breathe, he offers all the while his prana
(breath) in his speech. And so long as a man breathes,
he cannot speak, he offers all the while his speech
in his breath. These two endless and immortal oblations
he offers always, whether waking or sleeping.
Whatever other oblations there are (those, e.g. of the
ordinary Agnihotra, consisting of milk and other
things), they have an end, for they consist of works
(which, like all works, have an end). The ancients,
knowing this (the best Agnihotra), did not offer the
(ordinary) Agnihotra.
Uktha is Brahman, thus said Sushkabhringara. Let
him meditate on it (the uktha) as the same with
the Rik, and all beings will praise him as the best. Let
him meditate on it as the same with the Yagus, and
all beings will join before him as the best. Let him
meditate on it as the same with the Saman, and all
beings will bow before him as the best. Let him meditate
on it as the same with might, let him meditate on
it as the same with glory, let him meditate on it as the
same with splendour. For as the bow is among
weapons the mightiest, the most glorious, the most
splendid, thus is he who knows this among all beings
the mightiest, the most glorious, the most splendid. The
Adhvaryu conceives the fire of the altar, which is
used for the sacrifice, to be himself. In it he (the
Adhvaryu) weaves the Yagus portion of the sacrifice.
And in the Yagus portion the Hotri weaves the Rik portion
of the sacrifice. And in the Rik portion the
Udgatri weaves the Saman portion of the sacrifice. He
(the Adhvaryu or prana) is the self of the threefold
knowledge; he indeed is the self of it (of prana). He who
knows this is the self of it (becomes prana).
Next follow the three kinds of meditation of the allconquering (sarvagit) Kaushitaki. The allconquering Kaushitaki adores the sun when rising, having
put on the sacrificial cord, having brought
water, and having thrice sprinkled the water-cup, saying:
`Thou art the deliverer, deliver me from sin.' In
the same manner he adores the sun when in the zenith,
saying: `Thou art the highest deliverer, deliver me
highly from sin.' In the same manner he adores the sun
when setting, saying: `Thou art the full deliverer,
deliver me fully from sin.' Thus he fully removes whatever
sin he committed by day and by night. And in
the same manner he who knows this, likewise adores the
sun, and fully removes whatever sin he
committed by day and by night.
Then (secondly) let him worship every month (in the
year) at the time of the new moon, the moon as
it is seen in the west in the same manner (as before
described with regard to the sun), or let him send forth
his speech toward the moon with two green blades of
grass, saying: `O thou who art mistress of immortal
joy, through that gentle heart of mine which abides in the
moon, may I never weep for misfortune
concerning my children.'
The children of him (who thus adores the moon) do not
indeed die before him. Thus it is with a man to
whom a son is already born.
Now for one to whom no son is born as yet. He mutters
the three Rik verses. `Increase, O Soma! may
vigour come to thee' (Rv. 1, 91, 16; 9, 31, 4). `May milk,
may food go to thee' (Rv. 1, 91, 18); `That ray
which the Adityas gladden.'
Having muttered these three Rik verses, he says: `Do not
increase by our breath (prana), by our offspring,
by our cattle; he who hates us and whom we hate,
increase by his breath, by his offspring, by his cattle.
Thus I turn the turn of the god, I return the turn of Aditya.'
After these words, having raised the right arm
(toward Soma), he lets it go again.
Then (thirdly) let him worship on the day of the full
moon the moon as it is seen in the east in the
same manner, saying: `Thou art Soma, the king, the wise,
the five-mouthed, the lord of creatures. The
Brahmana is one of thy mouths; with that mouth thou
eatest the kings (Kshatriyas); make me an eater of
food by that mouth! The king is one of thy mouths; with
that mouth thou eatest the people (Vaisyas);
make me an eater of food by that mouth! The hawk is
one of thy mouths; with that mouth thou eatest the
birds; make me an eater of food by that mouth! Fire is
one of thy mouths; with that mouth thou eatest this
world; make me an eater of food by that mouth! In thee
there is the fifth mouth; with that mouth thou
eatest all beings; make me an eater of food by that
mouth! Do not decrease by our life, by our offspring,
by our cattle; he who hates us and whom we hate,
decrease by his life, by his offspring, by his cattle. Thus
I turn the turn of the god, I return the turn of Aditya.' After
these words, having raised the right arm, he
lets it go again.
Next (having addressed these prayers to Soma)
when being with his wife, let him stroke her heart,
saying: `O fair one, who hast obtained immortal joy by
that which has entered thy heart through
Pragapati, mayest thou never fall into sorrow about thy
children.' Her children then do not die before her.
Next, if a man has been absent and returns home,
let him smell (kiss) his son's head, saying: `Thou
springest from every limb, thou art born from the heart,
thou, my son, art my self indeed, live thou a
hundred harvests.' He gives him his name, saying: `Be
thou a stone, be thou an axe, be thou solid gold;
thou, my son, art light indeed, live thou a hundred
harvests.' He pronounces his name. Then he embraces
him, saying: `As Pragapati (the lord of creatures)
embraced his creatures for their welfare, thus I embrace
thee,' (pronouncing his name.) Then he mutters into his
right ear, saying: `O thou, quick Maghavan, give
to him' (Rv. 3, 36, 10). `O Indra, bestow the best wishes'
(Rv. 2, 21, 6), thus he whispers into his left ear.
Let him then thrice smell (kiss) his head, saying: `Do not
cut off (the line of our race), do not suffer. Live
a hundred harvests of life; I kiss thy head, O son, with thy
name.' He then thrice makes a lowing sound
over his head, saying: `I low over thee with the lowing
sound of cows.'
Next follows the Daiva Parimara, the dying around
of the gods (the absorption of the two classes of
gods, mentioned before, into prana or Brahman). This
Brahman shines forth indeed when the fire burns,
and it dies when it burns not. Its splendour goes to the
sun alone, the life (prana, the moving principle) to
the air.
This Brahman shines forth indeed when the sun is seen,
and it dies when it is not seen. Its splendour goes
to the moon alone, the life (prana) to the air.
This Brahman shines forth indeed when the moon is
seen, and it dies when it is not seen. Its splendour
goes to the lightning alone, its life (prana) to the air.
This Brahman shines forth indeed when the lightning
flashes, and it dies when it flashes not. Its
splendour goes to the air, and the life (prana) to the air.
Thus all these deities (i.e. fire, sun, moon, lightning),
having entered the air, though dead, do not vanish;
and out of the very air they rise again. So much with
reference to the deities (mythological). Now then
with reference to the body (physiological).
This Brahman shines forth indeed when one
speaks with speech, and it dies when one does not
speak. His splendour goes to the eye alone, the life
(prana) to breath (prana).
This Brahman shines forth indeed when one sees with
the eye, and it dies when one does not see. Its
splendour goes to the ear alone, the life (prana) to breath
(prana).
This Brahman shines forth indeed when one hears with
the ear, and it dies when one does not hear. Its
splendour goes to the mind alone, the life (prana) to
breath (prana).
This Brahman shines forth indeed when one thinks with
the mind, and it dies when one does not think.
Its splendour goes to the breath (prana) alone, and the
life (prana) to breath (prana).
Thus all these deities (the senses, &c.), having entered
breath or life (prana) alone, though dead, do not
vanish; and out of very breath (prana) they rise again.
And if two mountains, the southern and northern,
were to move forward trying to crush him who knows this,
they would not crush him. But those who hate
him and those whom he hates, they die around him.
Next follows the Nihsreyasadana (the accepting of
the pre-eminence of prana (breath or life) by the
other gods). The deities (speech, eye, ear, mind),
contending with each for who was the best, went out of
this body, and the body lay without breathing, withered,
like a log of wood. Then speech went into it, but
speaking by speech, it lay still. Then the eye went into it,
but speaking by speech, and seeing by the eye, it
lay still. Then the ear went into it, but speaking by
speech, seeing by the eye, hearing by the ear, it lay
still. Then mind went into it, but speaking by speech,
seeing by the eye, hearing by the ear, thinking by
the mind, it lay still. Then breath (prana, life) went into it,
and thence it rose at once. All these deities,
having recognised the pre-eminence in prana, and having
comprehended prana alone as the conscious self
(pragnatman), went out of this body with all these (five
different kinds of prana), and resting in the air
(knowing that prana had entered the air), and merged in
the ether (akasa), they went to heaven. And in
the same manner he who knows this, having recognised
the pre-eminence in prana, and having
comprehended prana alone as the conscious self
(pragnatman), goes out of this body with all these (does
no longer believe in this body), and resting in the air, and
merged in the ether, he goes to heaven, he goes
to where those gods (speech, &c.) are. And having
reached this he, who knows this, becomes immortal
with that immortality which those gods enjoy.
Next follows the father's tradition to the son, and
thus they explain it. The father, when going to
depart, calls his son, after having strewn the house with
fresh grass, and having laid the sacrificial fire,
and having placed near it a pot of water with a jug (full of
rice), himself covered with a new cloth, and
dressed in white. He places himself above his son,
touching his organs with his own organs, or he may
deliver the tradition to him while he sits before him. Then
he delivers it to him.
The father says: `Let me place my speech in thee.'
The son says: `I take thy speech in me.'
The father says: `Let me place my scent (prana) in thee.'
The son says: `I take thy scent in me.'
The father says: `Let me place my eye in thee.'
The son says: `I take thy eye in me.'
The father says: `Let me place my ear in thee.'
The son says: `I take thy ear in me.'
The father says: `Let me place my tastes of food in
thee.'
The son says: `I take thy tastes of food in me.'
The father says: `Let me place my actions in thee.'
The son says: `I take thy actions in me.'
The father says: `Let me place my pleasure and pain in
thee.'
The son says: `I take thy pleasure and pain in me.'
The father says: `Let me place happiness, joy, and
offspring in thee.'
The son says: `I take thy happiness, joy, and offspring in
me.'
The father says: `Let me place my walking in thee.'
The son says: `I take thy walking in me.'
The father says: `Let me place my mind in thee.'
The son says: `I take thy mind in me.'
The father says: `Let me place my knowledge (pragna)
in thee.'
The son says: `I take thy knowledge in me.'
But if the father is very ill, he may say shortly: `Let me
place my spirits (pranas) in thee,' and the son: `I
take thy spirits in me.'
Then the son walks round his father keeping his right side
towards him, and goes away. The father calls
after him: `May fame, glory of countenance, and honour
always follow thee.' Then the other looks back
over his left shoulder, covering himself with his hand or
the hem of his garment, saying: `Obtain the
heavenly worlds (svarga) and all desires.'
If the father recovers, let him be under the authority of his
son, or let him wander about (as an ascetic).
But if he departs, then let them despatch him, as he ought
to be despatched, yea, as he ought to be
despatched.
Third Adhyaya
Pratardana, forsooth, the son of Divodasa (king of
Kasi), came by means of fighting and strength to
the beloved abode of Indra. Indra said to him:
`Pratardana, let me give you a boon to choose.' And
Pratardana answered: `Do you yourself choose that boon
for me which you deem most beneficial for a
man.' Indra said to him: `No one who chooses, chooses
for another; choose thyself.' Then Pratardana
replied: `Then that boon to choose is no boon for me.'
Then, however, Indra did not swerve from the truth, for
Indra is truth. Indra said to him: `Know me only;
that is what I deem most beneficial for man, that he
should know me. I slew the three-headed son of
Tvashtri; I delivered the Arunmukhas, the devotees, to the
wolves (salavrika); breaking many treaties, I
killed the people of Prahlada in heaven, the people of
Puloma in the sky, the people of Kalakanga on
earth. And not one hair of me was harmed there. And he
who knows me thus, by no deed of his is his life
harmed, not by the murder of his mother, not by the
murder of his father, not by theft, not by the killing of
a Brahman. If he is going to commit a sin, the bloom
does not depart from his face.'
Indra said: `I am prana, meditate on me as the
conscious self (pragnatman), as life, as immortality.
Life is prana, prana is life. Immortality is prana, prana is
immortality. As long as prana dwells in this
body, so long surely there is life. By prana he obtains
immortality in the other world, by knowledge true
conception. He who meditates on me as life and
immortality, gains his full life in this world, and obtains
in the Svarga world immortality and indestructibility.'
(Pratardana said): `Some maintain here, that the pranas
become one, for (otherwise) no one could at the
same time make known a name by speech, see a form
with the eye, hear a sound with the ear, think a
thought with the mind. After having become one, the
pranas perceive all these together, one by one.
While speech speaks, all pranas speak after it. While the
eye sees, all pranas see after it. While the ear
hears, all pranas hear after it. While the mind thinks, all
pranas think after it. While the prana breathes,
all pranas breathe after it.'
`Thus it is indeed,' said Indra, `but nevertheless there is a
pre-eminence among the pranas.
Man lives deprived of speech, for we see dumb
people. Man lives deprived of sight, for we see blind
people. Man lives deprived of hearing, for we see deaf
people. Man lives deprived of mind, for we see
infants. Man lives deprived of his arms, deprived of his
legs, for we see it thus. But prana alone is the
conscious self (pragnatman), and having laid hold of this
body, it makes it rise up. Therefore it is said,
Let man worship it alone as uktha. What is prana, that is
pragna (self-consciousness); what is pragna
(self-consciousness), that is prana, for together they
(pragna and prana) live in this body, and together
they go out of it. Of that, this is the evidence, this is the
understanding. When a man, being thus asleep,
sees no dream whatever, he becomes one with that
prana alone. Then speech goes to him (when he is
absorbed in prana) with all names, the eye with all forms,
the ear with all sounds, the mind with all
thoughts. And when he awakes, then, as from a burning
fire sparks proceed in all directions, thus from
that self the pranas (speech, &c.) proceed, each towards
its place; from the pranas the gods (Agni, &c.),
from the gods the worlds.
Of this, this is the proof, this is the understanding. When
a man is thus sick, going to die, falling into
weakness and faintness, they say: `His thought has
departed, he hears not, he sees not, he speaks not, he
thinks not.' Then he becomes one with that prana alone.
Then speech goes to him (who is absorbed in
prana) with all names, the eye with all forms, the ear with
all sounds, the mind with all thoughts. And
when he departs from this body, he departs together with
all these.
Speech gives up to him (who is absorbed in prana)
all names, so that by speech he obtains all names.
The nose gives up to him all odours, so that by scent he
obtains all odours. The eye gives up to him all
forms, so that by the eye he obtains all forms. The ear
gives up to him all sounds, so that by the ear he
obtains all sounds. The mind gives up to him all
thoughts, so that by the mind he obtains all thoughts.
This is the complete absorption in prana. And what is
prana is pragna (self-consciousness), what is
pragna (self-consciousness) is prana. For together do
these two live in the body, and together do they
depart.
Now we shall explain how all things become one in that
pragna, (self-consciousness).
Speech is one portion taken out of pragna (selfconscious knowledge), the word is its object, placed
outside.
The nose is one portion taken out of it, the odour is its
object, placed outside.
The eye is one portion taken out of it, the form is its
object, placed outside.
The ear is one portion taken out of it, the sound is its
object, placed outside.
The tongue is one portion taken out of it, the taste of food
is its object, placed outside.
The two hands are one portion taken out of it, their
action is their object, placed outside.
The body is one portion taken out of it, its pleasure and
pain are its object, placed outside.
The organ is one portion taken out of it, happiness, joy,
and offspring are its object, placed outside.
The two feet are one portion taken out of it, movements
are their object, placed outside.
Mind is one portion taken out of it, thoughts and desires
are its object, placed outside.
Having by pragna (self-conscious knowledge) taken
possession of speech, he obtains by speech all
words.
Having by pragna taken possession of the nose, he
obtains all odours.
Having by pragna taken possession of the eye, he
obtains all forms.
Having by pragna taken possession of the ear, he
obtains all sounds.
Having by pragna taken possession of the tongue, he
obtains all tastes of food.
Having by pragna taken possession of the two hands,
he obtains all actions.
Having by pragna taken possession of the body, he
obtains pleasure and pain.
Having by pragna taken possession of the organ, he
obtains happiness, joy, and offspring.
Having by pragna taken possession of the two feet, he
obtains all movements.
Having by pragna taken possession of mind, he obtains
all thoughts.
For without pragna (self-consciousness) speech
does not make known (to the self) any word. `My
mind was absent,' he says, `I did not perceive that word.'
Without pragna the nose does not make known any
odour. `My mind was absent,' he says, `I did not
perceive that odour.'
Without pragna, the eye does not make known any form.
`My mind was absent,' he says, `I did not
perceive that form.'
Without pragna the ear does not make known any
sound. `My mind was absent,' he says, `I did not
perceive that sound.'
Without pragna the tongue does not make known any
taste. `My mind was absent,' he says, `I did not
perceive that taste.'
Without pragna the two hands do not make known any
act. `Our mind was absent,' they say, `we did not
perceive any act.'
Without pragna, the body does not make known
pleasure or pain. `My mind was absent,' he says, `I did
not perceive that pleasure or pain.'
Without pragna the organ does not make known
happiness, joy, or offspring. `My mind was absent,' he
says, `I did not perceive that happiness, joy, or offspring.'
Without pragna the two feet do not make known any
movement. `Our mind was absent,' they say, `we
did not perceive that movement.'
Without pragna no thought succeeds, nothing can be
known that is to be known.
Let no man try to find out what speech is, let him
know the speaker.
Let no man try to find out what odour is, let him know
him who smells.
Let no man try to find out what form is, let him know the
seer.
Let no man try to find out what sound is, let him know
the hearer.
Let no man try to find out the tastes of food, let him
know the knower of tastes.
Let no man try to find out what action is, let him know
the agent.
Let no man try to find out what pleasure and pain are, let
him know the knower of pleasure and pain.
Let no man try to find out what happiness, joy, and
offspring are, let him know the knower of happiness,
joy, and offspring.
Let no man try to find out what movement is, let him
know the mover.
Let no man try to find out what mind is, let him know the
thinker.
These ten objects (what is spoken, smelled, seen, &c.)
have reference to pragna (self-consciousness), the
ten subjects (speech, the senses, mind) have reference
to objects. If there were no objects, there would be
no subjects; and if there were no subjects, there would be
no objects. For on either side alone nothing
could be achieved. But that (the self of pragna,
consciousness, and prana, life) is not many, (but one.)
For
as in a car the circumference of a wheel is placed on the
spokes, and the spokes on the nave, thus are these
objects (circumference) placed on the subjects (spokes),
and the subjects on the prana. And that prana
(breath, the living and breathing power) indeed is the self
of pragna (the self-conscious self), blessed,
imperishable, immortal. He does not increase by a good
action, nor decrease by a bad action. For he (the
self of prana and pragna) makes him, whom he wishes to
lead up from these worlds, do a good deed; and
the same makes him, whom he wishes to lead down from
these worlds, do a bad deed. And he is the
guardian of the world, he is the king of the world, he is the
lord of the universe, and he is my (Indra's)
self, thus let it be known, yea, thus let it be known!
Fourth Adhyaya
There was formerly Gargya Balaki, famous as a man
of great reading; for it was said of him that he
lived among the Usinaras, among the Satvat-Matsyas,
the Kuru-Pankalas, the Kasi-Videhas. Having gone
to Agatasatru, (the king) of Kasi, he said to him: `Shall I
tell you Brahman?' Agatasatru said to him: `We
give a thousand (cows) for that speech (of yours), for
verily all people run away, saying, "Ganaka (the
king of Mithila) is our father (patron)."'
Brihad-AranyakaKaushitaki-BrahmanaUpanishad
Upanishad.
i. Aditye purushah.
i. Id.
atishthah sarvesham
brihat pandaravasa
bhutanam murdha
(panduravasa)
raga.
atishthah sarvesham
bhutanam murdha.
ii. Kandre purushah.
ii. Kandramasi.
brihat pandaravasah
somo raga, annasyatma.
somo raga. (Nasyannam Only annasyatma.
kshiyate, is the
reward.)
iii. Vidyuti purushah. iii. Id.
tegasvi.
tegasy atma.
satya-syatma.
iiib. stanayitnau purushah.
sabdasyatma.
iv. Akase purushah.
iv. Id. (5)
purnam apravarti.
purnam apravarti
brahma.
apravritti.
v. Vayau purushah.
indro vaikuntho
v. Id. (4)
Id.
'paragita sena.
vi. Agnau purushah.
vishasahih.
vi. Id.
Id.
vii. Apsu purushah.
pratirupah.
vii. Id.
namnasyatma.
tegasa atma.
viii. Adarse purushah. viii. Id.
rokishnuh.
pratirupah.
viiib. pratisrutkayam
purushah. (9)
dvitiyo `napagah.
asuh.
ix. Yantam paskak
ix. Yah sabdah
khabdah.
purusham anveti.
(10) sabde.
asuh.
Id. mrityuh.
x. Dikshu purushah.
x. Deest.
dvitiyo `napagah.
xi. Khayamayah
purushah.
mrityuh.
x. Khayapurushah. (8b)
khayayam.
Id. dvitiyo 'napagah.
xii. Atmani purushah. xi. Sarirah purushah.
atmanvi.
(12) sarire purushah.
pragapatih.
xii. Yah pragna atma,
yenaitat suptah
svapnaya karati.
Yamo raga. (11)
purushah
svapnaya karati
yamo raga.
xiii. Dakshine 'kshan
purushah.
namna (vaka) atma,
agner atma,
gyotisha atma.
xv. Savye `kshan
purushah.
satyasyatma, vidyuta
atma, tegasa atma.
Balaki said: `The person that is in the sun, on him I
meditate (as Brahman).'
Agatasatru said to him: `No, no! do not challenge me (to
a disputation) on this. I meditate on him who
is called great, clad in white raiment, the supreme, the
head of all beings. Whoso meditates on him thus,
becomes supreme, and the head of all beings.'
Balaki said: `The person that is in the moon, on him I
meditate.'
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as Soma, the king, the self,
(source) of all food. Whoso meditates on him thus,
becomes the self, (source) of all food.'
Balaki said: `The person that is in the lightning, on
him I meditate.'
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as the self in light. Whoso
meditates on him thus, becomes the self in light.'
Balaki said: `The person that is in the thunder, on
him I meditate.'
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as the self of sound. Whoso
meditates on him thus, becomes the self of sound.'
Balaki said: `The person that is in the ether, on him I
meditate.'
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as the full, quiescent Brahman.
Whoso meditates on him thus, is filled with offspring and
cattle. Neither he himself nor his offspring dies
before the time.'
Balaki said: `The person that is in the air, on him I
meditate.'
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as Indra Vaikuntha, as the
unconquerable army. Whoso meditates on him thus,
becomes victorious, unconquerable, conquering his
enemies.'
Balaki said: `The person that is in the fire, on him I
meditate.'
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as powerful. Whoso meditates
on him thus, becomes powerful among others.'
Balaki said: `The person that is in the water, on him
I meditate.'
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as the self of the name. Whoso
meditates on him thus, becomes the self of the name.'
So far with regard to deities (mythological); now
with regard to the body (physiological).
Balaki said: `The person that is in the mirror, on him
I meditate.'
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as the likeness. Whoso
meditates on him thus, to him a son is born in his family
who is his likeness, not one who is not his
likeness.'
Balaki said: `The person that is in the echo, on him
I meditate.'
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as the second, who never goes
away. Whoso meditates on him thus, he gets a second
from his second (his wife), he becomes doubled.
Balaki said: `The sound that follows a man, on that
I meditate.
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as life. Whoso meditates on
him thus, neither he himself nor his offspring will faint
before the time.'
Balaki said: `The person that is in the shadow, on
him I meditate.'
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as death. Whoso meditates on
him thus, neither he himself nor his offspring will die
before the time.'
Balaki said: `The person that is embodied, on him I
meditate.'
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as Lord of creatures. Whoso
meditates on him thus, is multiplied in offspring and
cattle.'
Balaki said: `The Self which is conscious (pragna),
and by whom he who sleeps here, walks about
in sleep, on him I meditate.'
Agatasatru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as Yama the king. Whoso
meditates on him thus, everything is subdued for his
excellencies.'
Balaki said: `The person that is in the right eye, on
him I meditate.'
Agatastru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as the self of the name, as the
self of fire, as the self of splendour. Whoso meditates on
him thus, he becomes the self of these.'
Balaki said: `The person that is in the left eye, on
him I meditate.'
Agatastru said to him: `Do not challenge me on this. I
meditate on him as the self of the true, as the self
of lightning, as the self of light. Whoso meditates on him
thus, he becomes the self of these.'
After this Balaki became silent. Agatastru said to
him: `Thus far only (do you know), O Balaki?'
`Thus far only,' replied Balaki.
Then Agatastru said to him: `Vainly did you challenge
me, saying: `Shall I tell you Brahman? O Balaki,
he who is the maker of those persons (whom you
mentioned), he of whom all this is the work, he alone is
to be known.'
Thereupon Balaki came, carrying fuel in his hand,
saying: `May I come to you as a pupil?' Agatastru
said to him: `I deem it improper that a Kshatriya should
initiate a Brahmana. Come, I shall make you
know clearly.' Then taking him by the hand, he went
forth. And the two together came to a person who
was asleep. And Agatastru called him, saying: `Thou
great one, clad in white raiment, Soma, King.' But
he remained lying. Then he pushed him with a stick, and
he rose at once. Then said Agatastru to him:
`Balaki, where did this person here sleep? Where was
he? Whence came he thus back?' Balaki did not
know.
And Agatastru said to him: `Where this person here
slept, where he was, whence he thus came
back, is this: The arteries of the heart called Hita extend
from the heart of the person towards the
surrounding body. Small as a hair divided a thousand
times, they stand full of a thin fluid of various
colours, white, black, yellow, red. In these the person is
when sleeping he sees no dream.
Then he becomes one with that prana alone. Then
speech goes to him with all names, the eye with all
forms, the ear with all sounds, the mind with all thoughts.
And when he awakes, then, as from a burning
fire, sparks proceed in all directions, thus from that self
the pranas (speech, &c.) proceed, each towards its
place, from the pranas the gods, from the gods the
worlds. And as a razor might be fitted in a razor-case,
or as fire in the fire-place (the arani on the altar), even
thus this conscious self enters the self of the body
(considers the body as himself) to the very hairs and
nails. And the other selfs (such as speech, &c.)
follow that self, as his people follow the master of the
house. And as the master feeds with his people,
nay, as his people feed on the master, thus does this
conscious self feed with the other selfs, as a master
with his people, and the other selfs follow him, as his
people follow the master. So long as Indra did not
understand that self, the Asuras conquered him. When
he understood it, he conquered the Asuras and
obtained the pre-eminence among all gods, sovereignty,
supremacy. And thus also he who knows this
obtains pre-eminence among all beings, sovereignty,
supremacy, yea, he who knows this.
Vagasaneyi-Samhita-Upanishad
sometimes called Isavasya or Isa-upanishad
All this, whatsoever moves on earth, is to be hidden in
the Lord (the Self). When thou hast
surrendered all this, then thou mayest enjoy. Do not
covet the wealth of any man!
Though a man may wish to live a hundred years,
performing works, it will be thus with him; but not in
any other way: work will thus not cling to a man.
There are the worlds of the Asuras covered with blind
darkness. Those who have destroyed their self
(who perform works, without having arrived at a
knowledge of the true Self), go after death to those
worlds.
That one (the Self), though never stirring, is swifter
than thought. The Devas (senses) never reached
it, it walked before them. Though standing still, it
overtakes the others who are running. Matarisvan (the
wind, the moving spirit) bestows powers on it.
It stirs and it stirs not; it is far, and likewise near. It is
inside of all this, and it is outside of all this.
And he who beholds all beings in the Self, and the Self
in all beings, he never turns away from it.
When to a man who understands, the Self has
become all things, what sorrow, what trouble can there
be to him who once beheld that unity?
He (the Self) encircled all, bright, incorporeal,
scatheless, without muscles, pure, untouched by evil; a
seer, wise, omnipresent, self-existent, he disposed all
things rightly for eternal years.
All who worship what is not real knowledge (good
works), enter into blind darkness: those who delight
in real knowledge, enter, as it were, into greater
darkness.
One thing, they say, is obtained from real knowledge;
another, they say, from what is not knowledge.
Thus we have heard from the wise who taught us this.
He who knows at the same time both knowledge and
not-knowledge, overcomes death through notknowledge, and obtains immortality through knowledge.
All who worship what is not the true cause, enter into
blind darkness: those who delight in the true
cause, enter, as it were, into greater darkness.
One thing, they say, is obtained from (knowledge of)
the cause; another, they say, from (knowledge
of) what is not the cause. Thus we have heard from the
wise who taught us this.
He who knows at the same time both the cause and
the destruction (the perishable body), overcomes
death by destruction (the perishable body), and obtains
immortality through (knowledge of) the true cause.
The door of the True is covered with a golden disk.
Open that, O Pushan, that we may see the nature
of the True.
O Pushan, only seer, Yama (judge), Surya (sun), son
of Pragapati, spread thy rays and gather them!
The light which is thy fairest form, I see it. I am what He
is (viz. the person in the sun).
Breath to air, and to the immortal! Then this my body
ends in ashes. Om! Mind, remember!
Remember thy deeds! Mind, remember! Remember thy
deeds!
Agni, lead us on to wealth (beatitude) by a good path,
thou, O God, who knowest all things! Keep far
from us crooked evil, and we shall offer thee the fullest
praise! (Rv. 1, 189, 1.)
Note: This Upanishad, though apparently simple and
intelligible is in reality one of the most difficult to
understand properly. Coming at the end of the
Vagasaneyi-samhita in which the sacrifices and the
hymns
to be used by the officiating priests have been described,
it begins by declaring that all has to be
surrendered to the Lord. The name is, lord, is peculiar,
as having a far more personal colouring than
Atman, Self, or Brahman, the usual names given by the
Upanishads to what is the object of the highest
knowledge.
Next follows a permission to continue the performance of
sacrifices, provided that all desires have been
surrendered. And here occurs our first difficulty which
has perplexed ancient as well as modern
commentators.
I shall tray, first of all, to justify my own translation. I hold
that the Upanishad wishes to teach the
uselessness by themselves of all good works, whether we
call them sacrificial, legal, or moral, and yet, at
the time, to recognise, if not the necessity, at least the
harmlessness of good works, provided they are
performed without any selfish motives, withoug any desire
of reward, but simply as a preparation for
higher knowledge, as a means, in fact, of subduing all
passions, and producing that serenity of mind
without which man is incapable of receiving the highest
knowledge. From that point of view the
Upanishad may well say, Let a man wish to live here his
appointed time, let him even perform all works.
If only he knows that all must be surrendered to the Lord,
then the work done by him will not cling to
him. It will not work on and produce effect after effect,
nor will it involve him in a succession of new
births in which to enjoy the reward of his works, but it will
leave him free to enjoy the blessings of the
highest knowledge. It will have served as a preparation
for that higher knowledge which the Upanishad
imparts, and which secures freedom from further births.
The expression `na karma lipyate nare' seems to me to
admit of this one explanation only, that work done
does not cling to man, provided he has acquired the
highest knowledge. Similar expressions occur again
and again. Lip was, no doubt, used originally of evil
deeds which became, as it were, engrained in man;
but afterwards of all work, even of good work, if done with
a desire of reward. The doctrine of the
Upanishads is throughout that orthodoxy and sacrifice
can procure a limited beatitude only, and that they
are a hindrance to real salvation, which can be obtained
by knowledge alone. In our passage therefore we
can recognise one meaning only, viz. that work does not
cling to man or stain him, if only he knows, i.e.
if he has been enlightened by the Upanishad.
Sankara, in his colamentary on the Vedanta-sutras III, 4,
takes the same view of this passage.
The opponent of Badarayana, in this case, Gaimini
himself; maintains that karma, work, is indispensable
to knowledge, and among other arguments, he says, III,
that it is so `Niyamat,' `Because it is so laid
down by the law.' The passage here referred to is,
according to Sankara, our very verse, which, he thinks,
should be translated as follows: `Let a man wish to live a
hundred years here (in this body) performing
works; thus will an evil deed not cling to thee, while thou
art a man; there is no other way but this by
which to escape the influence of works.' In answer to
this, Badarayana says, first of all, III, 4, 13, that this
rule may refer to men in general, and not to one who
knows; or, III, 4, 14, if it refers to a man who knows,
that then the permission to perform works is only intended
to exhalt the value of knowledge, the meaning
being that even to a man who performs sacrifices all his
life, work does not cling, if only he knows;
such being the power of knowledge.
The same Sankara, however, who here sees quite clearly
that this verse refers to a man who knows,
explains it in the Upanishad as referring to a man who
does not know
(itarasyanatmagnatayatmagrahanasakrasya). It would
then mean: `Let such a one, while perferming
works here on earth, wish to live a hundred years. In this
manner there is no other way for him but this
(the performance of sacrifices so that an evil deed should
not be engrained, or so that he should not be
stained by such a deed.' The first and second verses of
the Upanishad would thus represent the two paths
of life, that of knowledge and that of works, and the
following verses would explain the rewards assigned
to each.
Mahidhara, in his commentary on the Vagasaneyisamhita, steers at first a middle course. He would
translate: `Let one who performs the Agnihotra and other
sacrifices, without any desire of reward, wish to
live here a hundred years. If thou do so, there will he
salvation for thee, not otherwise. There are many
roads that lead to heaven, but one only leading to
salvation, namely, performance of good works, without
any desire of reward, which produces a pure heart. Work
thus done, merely as a preparation for salvation,
does not cling to man, i.e. it produces a pure heart, but
does not entail any further consequences.' So far
he agrees with Uvata's explanation. He allows, however,
another explanation also, soj that the second line
would convey the meaning: `If a man lives thus
(performing good works), then there is no other way by
which an evil deed should not be engrained; i.e. in order
to escape the power of sin, he must all his life
perform sacred acts.'
Next follows a description of the lot of those who,
immersed in works, have not arrived at the higest
knowledge, and have not recovered their true self in the
Highest Self, or Brahman. That Brahman,
though the name is not used here, is then described, and
salvation is promised to the man who beholds all
things in the Self and the Self in all things.
The verses 9-14 are again full of difficulty, not so much in
themselves as in relation to the general system
of thought which prevails in the Upanishads, and forms
the foundation of the Vedanta philosophy. The
commentators vary considerably in their interpretations.
Sankara explains avidya, not-knowledge, by
good works, particularly sacrifice, performed with a hope
of reward; vidya, or knowledge, by a knowledge
of the gods, but not, as yet, of the highest Brahman. The
former is generally supposed to lead the
sacrificer to the pitriloka, the world of the fathers, from
whence he returns to a new series of births; the
latter to the devaloka, the world of the gods, from whence
he may either proceed to Brahman, or enter
upon a new round of existence. The question then
arises, how in our passage the former could be said to
lead to blind darkness, the latter to still greater darkness.
But for that statement, I have no doubt that all
the commentators would, as usual, have taken vidya for
the knowledge of the Highest Brahman, and
avidya for orthodox belief in the gods and good works, the
former securing in immortality in the sense of
freedom from new births, while the reward of the latter is
blessedness in heaven for a limited period, but
without freedom from new births.
This antithesis between vidya and avidya seems to me so
firmly established that I cannot bring myself to
surrender it here. Though this Upanishad has its own
very peculiar character, yet its object is, after all, to
impart a knowledge of the Highest Self, and not to
inculcate merely a difference between faith In the
ordinary gods and good works. It was distinctly said
before (ver. 3), that those who have destroyed their
self i.e. who perform works only, and have not arrived at a
knowledge of the true Self, go to the worlds of
the Asuras, which are covered with blind darkness. If
then the same blind darkness is said in verse 9 to be
the lot of those who worship not-knowlege, this can only
mean those who have not discovered the true
Self, but are satisfied with the performance of good
works. And if those who perform good works are
opposed to others who delight in true knowledge, that
knowledge can be the knowledge of the true Self
only.
The difficulty therefore which has perplexed Sankara is
this, how, while the orthodox believer is said to
enter into blind darkness, the true disciple, who has
acquired a knowledge of the true Self, could be said to
enter into still greater darkness. While Sankara in this
case seems hardly to have caught the drift of the
Upanishad, Uvata and Mahidhara propose an explanation
which is far more satisfactory. They perceive
that the chief stress must be laid on the words ubhayam
saha, `both together,' in verses 11 and 14. The
doctrine of certain Vedanta philosophers was that works,
though they cannot by themselves lead to
salvation, are useful as a preparation for the highest
knowledge, and that those who imagine that they can
attaln the highest knowledge without such previous
preparation, are utterly mistaken. From this point of
view therefore the author of the Upanishad might well say
that those who give themselves to what is not
knowledge, i.e. sacrificial and other good works, enter
into darkness, but that those who delight altogether
in knowledge, despising the previous discipline of works,
deceive themselves and enter into still greater
darkness.
Then follows the next verse, simply stating that, according
to the teaching of wise people, the reward of
knowledge is one thing, the reward of ignorance, i.e. trust
in sacrifice, other. Here Mahidhara is right
again by assigning the pitriloka, the world of the fathers,
as the reward of the ignorant; the devaloka, the
world of the gods, as the reward of the enlightened,
provided that from the world of the gods they pass on
to the knowledge of the Highest Self or Brahman.
The third verse contains the strongest confirmation of
Mahidhara's view. Here it is laid down distinctly
that he only who knows both together, both what is called
ignorance and what is called knowledge, can be
saved, because by good works he overcomes death, here
expiained by natural works, and by knowledge he
obtains the Immortal, here explained by oneness with the
gods, the last step that leads on to oneness with
Brahman.
Uvata, who takes the same view of these verses, explains
at once, and even more boldly than Mahidhara
vidya, or knowledge, by brahavignana, knowledge of
Brahman, which by itself, and if not preceded by
works, leads to even greater darkness than what is called
ignorance, i.e. sacrifice and orthodoxy without
knowledge.
The three corresponding verses, treating of sambhuti and
asambhuti instead of vidy and avidya, stand first
in the Vagasaneyi-samhita. They must necessarily be
explained in accordance with our explanation of
the former verses, i.e. sambhuti must correspond to
vidya, it must be meant for the true cause, i.e. for
Brahman, while asambhuti must correspond with avidya,
as a name of what is not real but phenomenal
only and perishable.
Mahidhara thinks that these verses refer to the
Bauddhas, which can hardly be admitted, unless we take
Buddhist in a very general sense. Uvata puts the
Lokayatas in their place. It is curious also to observe
that Mahidhara, following Uvata, explains asambhuti at
first by the denial of the resurrection of the body,
while he takes sambhuti rightly for Brahman. I have
chiely followed Uvata's commentary, except in his
first explanation of asambhuti, resurrection. In what
follows Uvata explains sambhuti rightly by the only
cause fo the origin of the whole world, i.e. Brahman, while
he takes vinasa, destruction, as a name of the
perishable body.
Sankara sees much more in these verses than Uvata. He
takes asambhuti as a name of Prakriti, the
undeveloped cause, sambhuti as as a name of the
phenomenal Brahman or Hiranyagarbha. From a
worship of the latter a man obtains supernataral powers,
from devotion to the former, absorption in
Prakriti.
Mahidhara also takes a similar view, and he allows, like
Sankara, another reading, viz. sambhutim
avinasam ka, and avinasena mrityum tirtva. In this case
the sense would be: `He who knows the worship
both of the developed and the undeveloped, overcomes
death, it.e. such evil as sin, passion, &c., through
worship of the undeveloped, while he obtains through
worship of the developed, i.e. of Hiranyagarbha,
immortality, absorption in Prakriti.'
All these forced explanations to which the commentators
have recourse, arise from the shifting views held
by various authorities with regard to the value of works.
Our Upanishad seems to me to propound the
doctrine that works, though in themselves useless, or
even mischievous, if performed with a view to any
present or future rewards, are necessary as a preparatory
discipline. This is or was for a long time the
orthodox view. Each man was required to pass through
the asramas, or stages of student and householder, before he was admitted to the freedom of a
Sannyasin. As on a ladder, no step was to be skipped.
Those who attempted to do so were considered to have
broken the old law, and in some respects they may
indeed be looked upon as the true precursors of the
Buddhists.
Nevertheless the opposite doctrine, that a man whose
mind had become enlightened, might at once drop
the fetters of the law, without performing all the tedious
duties of student and house-holder; had strong
supporters too among orthodox philosophers. Cases of
such rapid conversion occur in the ancient
traditions, and Badarayana himself was obliged to admit
the possibility of freedom and savation without
works, though maintaining the superiority of the usual
course, which led on gradually from works to
enlightenment and salvation. It was from an
unwillingness to assent to the decided teaching of the Isaupanishad that Sankara attempted to explain vidya,
knowledge, in a limited sense, as knowledge of the
gods, and not yet knowledge of Brahman. He would not
admit that knowledge without works could lead
to darkness, and even to greater darkness than works
without knowledge. Our Upanishad seems to have
dreaded libertinism, knowledge without works, more even
than ritualism, works without knowledge, and
its true object was to show that orthodoxy and sacrifice,
though useless in themselves, must always form
the preparation for higher enlightenment.
How misleading Sankara's explanation may prove, we
can see from the translation of this Upanishad by
Rammohun Roy. He followed Sankara implicitly, and this
is the sense which he drew from the text:
Those observers of religious rites that perform only the
worship of the sacred fire, and oblations to
sages, to ancestors, to men, and to other creatures,
without regarding the worship of celestial gods, shall
enter into the dark region: and those practisers of
religious ceremonies who habitually worship the
celestial gods only, disregarding the worship of the
sacred fire, and oblations to sages, to ancestors, to
men, and to other creatures, shall enter into a regon still
darker than the former.
It is said that adoration of the celestial gods produces
one consequence; and that the performance of
the worship of sacred fire, and oblations to sages, to
ancestors, to men, and to other creatures, produce
another: thus have we heard from learned men, who have
distinctly explained the subject to us.
Of those observers of ceremonies whosoever,
knowing that adoration of celestial gods as well as the
worship of the sacred fire, and oblation to the sages, to
ancestors, to men, and to other creatures, should be
observed alike by the same individual, performs them
both, will, by means of the latter, surmount the
obstacles presented by natural temptations, and will
attain the state of the celestial gods through the
practice of the former.
Those observers of religious rites who worship
Prakriti alone (Prakriti or nature, who, though
insensible, influenced by the Supreme Spirit, operates
throughout the universe) shall enter into the dark
region: and those practisers of religious ceremonies that
are devoted to worship solely the prior operating
sensitive particle, allegorically called Brahma, shall enter
into a region much more dark than the former.
It is said that one consequence may be attained by
the worship of Brahma, and another by the
adoration of Prakriti. Thus have we heard from learned
men, who have distinctly explained the subject to
us.
Of those observers of ceremonies, whatever person,
knowing that the adoration of Prakriti and that of
Brahma should be together observed by the same
individual, performs them both, will by means of the
latter overcome indigence, and will attain the state of
Prakriti, through the practice of the former.'
Katha-Upanishad
First Adhyaya

First Valli
Vagasravasa, desirous (of heavenly rewards),
surrendered (at a sacrifice) all that he possessed. He
had a son of the name of Nakiketas.
When the (promised) presents were being given
(to the priests), faith entered into the heart of
Nakiketas, who was still a boy, and he thought:
`Unblessed, surely, are the worlds to which a man
goes by giving (as his promised present at a
sacrifice) cows which have drunk water, eaten hay, given
their milk, and are barren.'
He (knowing that his father had promised to give
up all that he possessed, and therefore his son
also) said to his father: `Dear father, to whom wilt thou
give me?'
He said it a second and a third time. Then the father
replied (angrily):
`I shall give thee unto Death.'
(The father, having once said so, though in haste, had to
be true to his word and to sacrifice his son.)
The son said: `I go as the first, at the head of
many (who have still to die); I go in the midst of
many (who are now dying). What will be the work of
Yama (the ruler of the departed) which to-day he
has to do unto me?
`Look back how it was with those who came
before, look forward how it will be with those who
come hereafter. A mortal ripens like corn, like corn he
springs up again.'
(Nakiketas enters into the abode of Yama Vaivasvata,
and there is no one to receive him. Thereupon one
of the attendants of Yama is supposed to say:)
`Fire enters into the houses, when a Brahmana
enters as a guest. That fire is quenched by this
peace-offering; bring water, O Vaivasvata!
`A Brahmana that dwells in the house of a foolish
man without receiving food to eat, destroys his
hopes and expectations, his possessions, his
righteousness, his sacred and his good deeds, and all his
sons
and cattle.'
(Yama, returning to his house after an absence of three
nights, during which time Nakiketas had
received no hospitality from him, says:)
`O Brahmana, as thou, a venerable guest, hast
dwelt in my house three nights without eating,
therefore choose now three boons. Hail to thee! and
welfare to me!'
Nakiketas said: `O Death, as the first of the three
boons I choose that Gautama, my father, be
pacified, kind, and free from anger towards me; and that
he may know me and greet me, when I shall
have been dismissed by thee.'
Yama said: `Through my favour Auddalaki Aruni,
thy father, will know thee, and be again
towards thee as he was before. He shall sleep peacefully
through the night, and free from anger, after
having seen thee freed from the mouth of death.'
Nakiketas said: `In the heaven-world there is no
fear; thou art not there, O Death, and no one is
afraid on account of old age. Leaving behind both hunger
and thirst, and out of the reach of sorrow, all
rejoice in the world of heaven.'
`Thou knowest, O Death, the fire-sacrifice which
leads us to heaven; tell it to me, for I am full of
faith. Those who live in the heaven-world reach
immortality, this I ask as my second boon.'
Yama said: `I tell it thee, learn it from me, and
when thou understandest that fire-sacrifice which
leads to heaven, know, O Nakiketas, that it is the
attainment of the endless worlds, and their firm support,
hidden in darkness.'salvation
Yama then told him that fire-sacrifice, the
beginning of all the worlds, and what bricks are
required for the altar, and how many, and how they are to
be placed. And Nakiketas repeated all as it had
been told to him. Then Mrityu, being pleased with him,
said again:
The generous, being satisfied, said to him: `I give
thee now another boon; that fire-sacrifice shall
be named after thee, take also this many-coloured chain.'
`He who has three times performed this Nakiketa
rite, and has been united with the three (father,
mother, and teacher), and has performed the three duties
(study, sacrifice, almsgiving) overcomes birth
and death. When he has learnt and understood this fire,
which knows (or makes us know) all that is born
of Brahman, which is venerable and divine, then he
obtains everlasting peace.'
`He who knows the three Nakiketa fires, and
knowing the three, piles up the Nakiketa sacrifice,
he, having first thrown off the chains of death, rejoices in
the world of heaven, beyond the reach of grief.'
`This, O Nakiketas, is thy fire which leads to
heaven, and which thou hast chosen as thy second
boon. That fire all men will proclaim. Choose now, O
Nakiketas, thy third boon.'
Nakiketas said: `There is that doubt, when a man
is dead, some saying, he is; others, he is not.
This I should like to know, taught by thee; this is the third
of my boons.'
Death said: `On this point even the gods have
doubted formerly; it is not easy to understand.
That subject is subtle. Choose another boon, O
Nakiketas, do not press me, and let me off that boon.'
Nakiketas said: `On this point even the gods
have doubted indeed, and thou, Death, hast declared
it to be not easy to understand, and another teacher like
thee is not to be found: surely no other boon is
like unto this.'
Death said: `Choose sons and grandsons who
shall live a hundred years, herds of cattle,
elephants, gold, and horses. Choose the wide abode of
the earth, and live thyself as many harvests as thou
desirest.'
`If you can think of any boon equal to that,
choose wealth, and long life. Be (king), Nakiketas, on
the wide earth. I make thee the enjoyer of all desires.'
`Whatever desires are difficult to attain among
mortals, ask for them according to thy wish;
these fair maidens with their chariots and musical
instruments, such are indeed not to be obtained by
men, be waited on by them whom I give to thee, but do
not ask me about dying.'
Nakiketas said: `These things last till tomorrow, O
Death, for they wear out this vigour of all the
senses. Even the whole of life is short. Keep thou thy
horses, keep dance and song for thyself.'
`No man can be made happy by wealth. Shall
we possess wealth, when we see thee? Shall we
live, as long as thou rulest? Only that boon (which I have
chosen) is to be chosen by me.'
`What mortal, slowly decaying here below, and
knowing, after having approached them, the
freedom from decay enjoyed by the immortals, would
delight in a long life, after he has pondered on the
pleasures which arise from beauty and love?'
`No, that on which there is this doubt, O Death,
tell us what there is in that great Hereafter.
Nakiketas does not choose another boon but that which
enters into the hidden world.'

Second Valli
Death said: `The good is one thing, the pleasant
another; these two, having different objects, chain
a man. It is well with him who clings to the good; he who
chooses the pleasant, misses his end.'
`The good and the pleasant approach man: the
wise goes round about them and distinguishes them.
Yea, the wise prefers the good to the pleasant, but the
fool chooses the pleasant through greed and
avarice.'
`Thou, O Nakiketas, after pondering all pleasures
that are or seem delightful, hast dismissed them
all. Thou hast not gone into the road that leadeth to
wealth, in which many men perish.'
`Wide apart and leading to different points are
these two, ignorance, and what is known as
wisdom. I believe Nakiketas to be one who desires
knowledge, for even many pleasures did not tear thee
away.'
`Fools dwelling in darkness, wise in their own
conceit, and puffed up with vain knowledge, go
round and round, staggering to and fro, like blind men led
by the blind.'"blind lead blind
`The Hereafter never rises before the eyes of the
careless child, deluded by the delusion of wealth.
"This is the world," he thinks, "there is no other;" thus he
falls again and again under my sway.'
`He (the Self) of whom many are not even able to
hear, whom many, even when they hear of him,
do not comprehend; wonderful is a man, when found,
who is able to teach him (the Self); wonderful is he
who comprehends him, when taught by an able teacher.'
`That (Self), when taught by an inferior man, is not
easy to be known, even though often thought
upon; unless it be taught by another, there is no way to it,
for it is inconceivably smaller than what is
small.'
`That doctrine is not to be obtained by argument,
but when it is declared by another, then, O
dearest, it is easy to understand. Thou hast obtained it
now; thou art truly a man of true resolve. May we
have always an inquirer like thee!'
Nakiketas said: `I know that what is called a
treasure is transient, for that eternal is not obtained
by things which are not eternal. Hence the Nakiketa fire(sacrifice) has been laid by me (first); then, by
means of transient things, I have obtained what is not
transient (the teaching of Yama).'
Yama said: `Though thou hadst seen the
fulfilment of all desires, the foundation of the world, the
endless rewards of good deeds, the shore where there is
no fear, that which is magnified by praise, the
wide abode, the rest, yet being wise thou hast with firm
resolve dismissed it all.'
`The wise who, by means of meditation on his
Self, recognises the Ancient, who is difficult to be
seen, who has entered into the dark, who is hidden in the
cave, who dwells in the abyss, as God, he indeed
leaves joy and sorrow far behind.'
`A mortal who has heard this and embraced it,
who has separated from it all qualities, and has
thus reached the subtle Being, rejoices, because he has
obtained what is a cause for rejoicing. The house
(of Brahman) is open, I believe, O Nakiketas.'
Nakiketas said: `That which thou seest as neither
this nor that, as neither effect nor cause, as
neither past nor future, tell me that.'
Yama said: `That word (or place) which all the
Vedas record, which all penances proclaim,
which men desire when they live as religious students,
that word I tell thee briefly, it is Om.'
`That (imperishable) syllable means Brahman,
that syllable means the highest (Brahman); he
who knows that syllable, whatever he desires, is his.'
`This is the best support, this is the highest
support; he who knows that support is magnified in
the world of Brahma.'
`The knowing (Self) is not born, it dies not; it
sprang from nothing, nothing sprang from it. The
Ancient is unborn, eternal, everlasting; he is not killed,
though the body is killed.'
`If the killer thinks that he kills, if the killed thinks
that he is killed, they do not understand; for
this one does not kill, nor is that one killed.'
`The Self, smaller than small, greater than great,
is hidden in the heart of that creature. A man
who is free from desires and free from grief, sees the
majesty of the Self by the grace of the Creator.'
`Though sitting still, he walks far; though lying
down, he goes everywhere. Who, save myself, is
able to know that God who rejoices and rejoices not?'
`The wise who knows the Self as bodiless within
the bodies, as unchanging among changing
things, as great and omnipresent, does never grieve.'
`That Self cannot be gained by the Veda, nor by
understanding, nor by much learning. He whom
the Self chooses, by him the Self can be gained. The
Self chooses him (his body) as his own.'
`But he who has not first turned away from his
wickedness, who is not tranquil, and subdued, or
whose mind is not at rest, he can never obtain the Self
(even) by knowledge.'
`Who then knows where He is, He to whom the
Brahmans and Kshatriyas are (as it were) but
food, and death itself a condiment?'

Third Valli
`There are the two, drinking their reward in the
world of their own works, entered into the cave (of
the heart), dwelling on the highest summit (the ether in
the heart). Those who know Brahman call them
shade and light; likewise, those householders who
perform the Trinakiketa sacrifice.'
`May we be able to master that Nakiketa rite which
is a bridge for sacrificers; also that which is the
highest, imperishable Brahman for those who wish to
cross over to the fearless shore.'
`Know the Self to be sitting in the chariot, the body
to be the chariot, the intellect (buddhi) the
charioteer, and the mind the reins.'
`The senses they call the horses, the objects of
the senses their roads. When he (the Highest Self)
is in union with the body, the senses, and the mind, then
wise people call him the Enjoyer.'
`He who has no understanding and whose mind
(the reins) is never firmly held, his senses (horses)
are unmanageable, like vicious horses of a charioteer.'
`But he who has understanding and whose mind is
always firmly held, his senses are under
control, like good horses of a charioteer.'
`He who has no understanding, who is unmindful
and always impure, never reaches that place, but
enters into the round of births.'reincarnation
`But he who has understanding, who is mindful
and always pure, reaches indeed that place, from
whence he is not born again.'reincarnation
`But he who has understanding for his charioteer,
and who holds the reins of the mind, he reaches
the end of his journey, and that is the highest place of
Vishnu.'
`Beyond the senses there are the objects,
beyond the objects there is the mind, beyond the mind
there is the intellect, the Great Self is beyond the
intellect.'
`Beyond the Great there is the Undeveloped,
beyond the Undeveloped there is the Person
(purusha). Beyond the Person there is nothing this is
the goal, the highest road.'salvation
`That Self is hidden in all beings and does not
shine forth, but it is seen by subtle seers through
their sharp and subtle intellect.'
`A wise man should keep down speech and
mind; he should keep them within the Self which is
knowledge; he should keep knowledge within the Self
which is the Great; and he should keep that (the
Great) within the Self which is the Quiet.'
`Rise, awake! having obtained your boons,
understand them! The sharp edge of a razor is
difficult to pass over; thus the wise say the path (to the
Self) is hard.'
`He who has perceived that which is without
sound, without touch, without form, without decay,
without taste, eternal, without smell, without beginning,
without end, beyond the Great, and
unchangeable, is freed from the jaws of death.'
`A wise man who has repeated or heard the
ancient story of Nakiketas told by Death, is magnified
in the world of Brahman.'
`And he who repeats this greatest mystery in an
assembly of Brahmans, or full of devotion at the
time of the Sraddha sacrifice, obtains thereby infinite
rewards.'
Second Adhyaya

Fourth Valli
Death said: `The Self-existent pierced the
openings (of the senses) so that they turn forward:
therefore man looks forward, not backward into himself.
Some wise man, however, with his eyes closed
and wishing for immortality, saw the Self behind.'
`Children follow after outward pleasures, and fall
into the snare of wide-spread death. Wise men
only, knowing the nature of what is immortal, do not look
for anything stable here among things
unstable.'
`That by which we know form, taste, smell,
sounds, and loving touches, by that also we know what
exists besides. This is that (which thou hast asked for).'
`The wise, when he knows that that by which he
perceives all objects in sleep or in waking is the
great omnipresent Self, grieves no more.'
`He who knows this living soul which eats honey
(perceives objects) as being the Self, always near,
the Lord of the past and the future, henceforward fears no
more. This is that.'
`He who (knows) him who was born first from the
brooding heat (for he was born before the
water), who, entering into the heart, abides therein, and
was perceived from the elements. This is that.'
`(He who knows) Aditi also, who is one with all
deities, who arises with Prana (breath or
Hiranyagarbha), who, entering into the heart, abides
therein, and was born from the elements. This is
that.'
`There is Agni (fire), the all-seeing, hidden in the
two fire-sticks, well-guarded like a child (in the
womb) by the mother, day after day to be adored by men
when they awake and bring oblations. This is
that.'
`And that whence the sun rises, and whither it
goes to set, there all the Devas are contained, and
no one goes beyond. This is that.'
`What is here (visible in the world), the same is
there (invisible in Brahman); and what is there,
the same is here. He who sees any difference here
(between Brahman and the world), goes from death to
death.'
`Even by the mind this (Brahman) is to be
obtained, and then there is no difference whatsoever.
He goes from death to death who sees any difference
here.'
`The person (purusha), of the size of a thumb,
stands in the middle of the Self (body?), as lord of
the past and the future, and henceforward fears no more.
This is that.'
`That person, of the size of a thumb, is like a light
without smoke, lord of the past and the future,
he is the same to-day and to-morrow. This is that.'
`As rain-water that has fallen on a mountain-ridge
runs down the rocks on all sides, thus does he,
who sees a difference between qualities, run after them
on all sides.'
`As pure water poured into pure water remains
the same, thus, O Gautama, is the Self of a thinker
who knows.'

Fifth Valli
`There is a town with eleven gates belonging to
the Unborn (Brahman), whose thoughts are never
crooked. He who approaches it, grieves no more, and
liberated (from all bonds of ignorance) becomes
free. This is that.'
`He (Brahman) is the swan (sun), dwelling in the
bright heaven; he is the Vasu (air), dwelling in
the sky; he is the sacrificer (fire), dwelling on the hearth;
he is the guest (Soma), dwelling in the
sacrificial jar; he dwells in men, in gods (vara), in the
sacrifice (rita), in heaven; he is born in the water,
on earth, in the sacrifice (rita), on the mountains; he is the
True and the Great.'
`He (Brahman) it is who sends up the breath
(prana), and who throws back the breath (apana). All
the Devas (senses) worship him, the adorable (or the
dwarf), who sits in the centre.'
`When that incorporated (Brahman), who dwells in
the body, is torn away and freed from the body,
what remains then? This is that.'
`No mortal lives by the breath that goes up and by
the breath that goes down. We live by another,
in whom these two repose.'
`Well then, O Gautama, I shall tell thee this
mystery, the old Brahman, and what happens to the
Self, after reaching death.'
`Some enter the womb in order to have a body, as
organic beings, others go into inorganic matter,
according to their work and according to their knowledge.'
`He, the highest Person, who is awake in us while
we are asleep, shaping one lovely sight after
another, that indeed is the Bright, that is Brahman, that
alone is called the Immortal. All worlds are
contained in it, and no one goes beyond. This is that.'
`As the one fire, after it has entered the world,
though one, becomes different according to
whatever it burns, thus the one Self within all things
becomes different, according to whatever it enters,
and exists also without.'
`As the one air, after it has entered the world,
though one, becomes different according to
whatever it enters, thus the one Self within all things
becomes different, according to whatever it enters,
and exists also without.'
`As the sun, the eye of the whole world, is not
contaminated by the external impurities seen by the
eyes, thus the one Self within all things is never
contaminated by the misery of the world, being himself
without.'
`There is one ruler, the Self within all things, who
makes the one form manifold. The wise who
perceive him within their Self, to them belongs eternal
happiness, not to others.'
`There is one eternal thinker, thinking non-eternal
thoughts, who, though one, fulfils the desires
of many. The wise who perceive him within their Self, to
them belongs eternal peace, not to others.'
`They perceive that highest indescribable
pleasure, saying, This is that. How then can I
understand it? Has it its own light, or does it reflect light?'
`The sun does not shine there, nor the moon and
the stars, nor these lightnings, and much less
this fire. When he shines, everything shines after him; by
his light all this is lighted.'

Sixth Valli
`There is that ancient tree, whose roots grow
upward and whose branches grow downward; that
indeed is called the Bright, that is called Brahman, that
alone is called the Immortal. All worlds are
contained in it, and no one goes beyond. This is that.'
`Whatever there is, the whole world, when gone
forth (from the Brahman), trembles in its breath.
That Brahman is a great terror, like a drawn sword.
Those who know it become immortal.'
`From terror of Brahman fire burns, from terror the
sun burns, from terror Indra and Vayu, and
Death, as the fifth, run away.'
`If a man could not understand it before the falling
asunder of his body, then he has to take body
again in the worlds of creation.'
`As in a mirror, so (Brahman may be seen clearly)
here in this body; as in a dream, in the world of
the Fathers; as in the water, he is seen about in the world
of the Gandharvas; as in light and shade, in the
world of Brahma.'
`Having understood that the senses are distinct
(from the Atman), and that their rising and setting
(their waking and sleeping) belongs to them in their
distinct existence (and not to the Atman), a wise man
grieves no more.'
`Beyond the senses is the mind, beyond the mind
is the highest (created) Being, higher than that
Being is the Great Self, higher than the Great, the highest
Undeveloped.'
`Beyond the Undeveloped is the Person, the allpervading and entirely imperceptible. Every
creature that knows him is liberated, and obtains
immortality.'
`His form is not to be seen, no one beholds him
with the eye. He is imagined by the heart, by
wisdom, by the mind. Those who know this, are
immortal.'
`When the five instruments of knowledge stand
still together with the mind, and when the
intellect does not move, that is called the highest state.'
`This, the firm holding back of the senses, is what
is called Yoga. He must be free from
thoughtlessness then, for Yoga comes and goes.'
`He (the Self) cannot be reached by speech, by
mind, or by the eye. How can it be apprehended
except by him who says: "He is?"'
`By the words "He is," is he to be apprehended,
and by (admitting) the reality of both (the
invisible Brahman and the visible world, as coming from
Brahman). When he has been apprehended by
the words "He is," then his reality reveals itself.'
`When all desires that dwell in his heart cease,
then the mortal becomes immortal, and obtains
Brahman.'
`When all the ties of the heart are severed here
on earth, then the mortal becomes immortal
here ends the teaching.'
`There are a hundred and one arteries of the
heart, one of them penetrates the crown of the head.
Moving upwards by it, a man (at his death) reaches the
Immortal; the other arteries serve for departing in
different directions.'
`The Person not larger than a thumb, the inner
Self, is always settled in the heart of men. Let a
man draw that Self forth from his body with steadiness, as
one draws the pith from a reed. Let him know
that Self as the Bright, as the Immortal; yes, as the Bright,
as the Immortal.'
Having received this knowledge taught by Death
and the whole rule of Yoga (meditation),
Nakiketa became free from passion and death, and
obtained Brahman. Thus it will be with another also
who knows thus what relates to the Self.
May He protect us both! May He enjoy us both!
May we acquire strength together! May our
knowledge become bright! May we never quarrel!
Om! Peace! peace! peace! Harih, Om!
Mundaka-upanishad
First Mundaka

Brahma was the first of the Devas, the maker of
the universe, the preserver of the world. He told
the knowledge of Brahman, the foundation of all
knowledge, to his eldest son Atharva.
Whatever Brahma told Atharvan, that knowledge
of Brahman Atharvan formerly told to Angir; he
told it to Satyavaha Bharadvaga, and Bharadvaga told it
in succession to Angiras.
Saunaka, the great householder, approached
Angiras respectfully and asked: `Sir, what is that
through which, if it is known, everything else becomes
known?'
He said to him: `Two kinds of knowledge must be
known, this is what all who know Brahman tell
us, the higher and the lower knowledge.'
`The lower knowledge is the Rig-veda, Yagurveda, Sama-veda, Atharva-veda, Siksha (phonetics),
Kalpa (ceremonial), Vyakarana (grammar), Nirukta
(etymology), Khandas (metre), Gyotisha (astronomy);
but the higher knowledge is that by which the
Indestructible (Brahman) is apprehended.'
`That which cannot be seen, nor seized, which has
no family and no caste, no eyes nor ears, no
hands nor feet, the eternal, the omnipresent (allpervading), infinitesimal, that which is imperishable, that
it is which the wise regard as the source of all beings.'
`As the spider sends forth and draws in its thread,
as plants grow on the earth, as from every man
hairs spring forth on the head and the body, thus does
everything arise here from the Indestructible.'
`The Brahman swells by means of brooding
(penance); hence is produced matter (food); from
matter breath, mind, the true, the worlds (seven), and
from the works (performed by men in the worlds),
the immortal (the eternal effects, rewards, and
punishments of works).'
`From him who perceives all and who knows all,
whose brooding (penance) consists of knowledge,
from him (the highest Brahman) is born that Brahman,
name, form, and matter (food).'

This is the truth: the sacrificial works which they
(the poets) saw in the hymns (of the Veda) have
been performed in many ways in the Treta age. Practise
them diligently, ye lovers of truth, this is your
path that leads to the world of good works!
When the fire is lighted and the flame flickers, let a
man offer his oblations between the two
portions of melted butter, as an offering with faith.
If a man's Agnihotra sacrifice is not followed by the
new-moon and full-moon sacrifices, by the
four-months' sacrifices, and by the harvest sacrifice, if it is
unattended by guests, not offered at all, or
without the Vaisvadeva ceremony, or not offered
according to rule, then it destroys his seven worlds.
Kali (black), Karali (terrific), Manogava (swift as
thought), Sulohita (very red), Sudhumravarna
(purple), Sphulingini (sparkling), and the brilliant Visvarupi
(having all forms), all these playing about
are called the seven tongues (of fire).
If a man performs his sacred works when these
flames are shining, and the oblations follow at the
right time, then they lead him as sun-rays to where the
one Lord of the Devas dwells.
Come hither, come hither! the brilliant oblations
say to him, and carry the sacrificer on the rays of
the sun, while they utter pleasant speech and praise him,
saying: `This is thy holy Brahma-world (Svarga),
gained by thy good works.'
But frail, in truth, are those boats, the sacrifices,
the eighteen, in which this lower ceremonial has
been told. Fools who praise this as the highest good, are
subject again and again to old age and death.
Fools dwelling in darkness, wise in their own
conceit, and puffed up with vain knowledge, go
round and round staggering to and fro, like blind men led
by the blind."blind lead blind"
Children, when they have long lived in ignorance,
consider themselves happy. Because those who
depend on their good works are, owing to their passions,
improvident, they fall and become miserable
when their life (in the world which they had gained by
their good works) is finished.
Considering sacrifice and good works as the
best, these fools know no higher good, and having
enjoyed (their reward) on the height of heaven, gained by
good works, they enter again this world or a
lower one.
But those who practise penance and faith in the
forest, tranquil, wise, and living on alms, depart
free from passion through the sun to where that immortal
Person dwells whose nature is imperishable.
Let a Brahmana, after he has examined all these
worlds which are gained by works, acquire
freedom from all desires. Nothing that is eternal (not
made) can be gained by what is not eternal (made).
Let him, in order to understand this, take fuel in his hand
and approach a Guru who is learned and dwells
entirely in Brahman.
To that pupil who has approached him
respectfully, whose thoughts are not troubled by any
desires, and who has obtained perfect peace, the wise
teacher truly told that knowledge of Brahman
through which he knows the eternal and true Person.
Second Mundka

This is the truth. As from a blazing fire sparks,
being like unto fire, fly forth a thousandfold, thus
are various beings brought forth from the Imperishable,
my friend, and return thither also.
That heavenly Person is without body, he is both
without and within, not produced, without breath
and without mind, pure, higher than the high
Imperishable.
From him (when entering on creation) is born
breath, mind, and all organs of sense, ether, air,
light, water, and the earth, the support of all.
Fire (the sky) is his head, his eyes the sun and the
moon, the quarters his ears, his speech the
Vedas disclosed, the wind his breath, his heart the
universe; from his feet came the earth; he is indeed the
inner Self of all things.
From him comes Agni (fire), the sun being the fuel;
from the moon (Soma) comes rain (Parganya);
from the earth herbs; and man gives seed unto the
woman. Thus many beings are begotten from the
Person (purusha).
From him come the Rik, the Saman, the Yagush,
the Diksha (initiatory rites), all sacrifices and
offerings of animals, and the fees bestowed on priests,
the year too, the sacrificer, and the worlds, in
which the moon shines brightly and the sun.
From him the many Devas too are begotten, the
Sadhyas (genii), men, cattle, birds, the up and
down breathings, rice and corn (for sacrifices), penance,
faith, truth, abstinence, and law.
The seven senses (prana) also spring from him,
the seven lights (acts of sensation), the seven kinds
of fuel (objects by which the senses are lighted), the
seven sacrifices (results of sensation), these seven
worlds (the places of the senses, the worlds determined
by the senses) in which the senses move, which
rest in the cave (of the heart), and are placed there seven
and seven.
Hence come the seas and all the mountains, from
him flow the rivers of every kind; hence come all
herbs and the juice through which the inner Self subsists
with the elements.
The Person is all this, sacrifice, penance,
Brahman, the highest immortal; he who knows this
hidden in the cave (of the heart), he, O friend, scatters the
knot of ignorance here on earth.

Manifest, near, moving in the cave (of the heart) is
the great Being. In it everything is centred
which ye know as moving, breathing, and blinking, as
being and not-being, as adorable, as the best, that is
beyond the understanding of creatures.
That which is brilliant, smaller than small, that on
which the worlds are founded and their
inhabitants, that is the indestructible Brahman, that is the
breath, speech, mind; that is the true, that is the
immortal. That is to be hit. Hit it, O friend!
Having taken the Upanishad as the bow, as the
great weapon, let him place on it the arrow,
sharpened by devotion! Then having drawn it with a
thought directed to that which is, hit the mark, O
friend, viz. that which is the Indestructible!
Om is the bow, the Self is the arrow, Brahman is
called its aim. It is to be hit by a man who is not
thoughtless; and then, as the arrow (becomes one with
the target), he will become one with Brahman.
In him the heaven, the earth, and the sky are
woven, the mind also with all the senses. Know him
alone as the Self, and leave off other words! He is the
bridge of the Immortal.
He moves about becoming manifold within the
heart where the arteries meet, like spokes fastened
to the nave. Meditate on the Self as Om! Hail to you,
that you may cross beyond (the sea of) darkness!
He who understands all and who knows all, he to
whom all this glory in the world belongs, the
Self, is placed in the ether, in the heavenly city of
Brahman (the heart). He assumes the nature of mind,
and becomes the guide of the body of the senses. He
subsists in food, in close proximity to the heart. The
wise who understand this, behold the Immortal which
shines forth full of bliss.
The fetter of the heart is broken, all doubts are
solved, all his works (and their effects) perish when
He has been beheld who is high and low (cause and
effect).
In the highest golden sheath there is the Brahman
without passions and without parts. That is
pure, that is the light of lights, that is it which they know
who know the Self.
The sun does not shine there, nor the moon and
the stars, nor these lightnings, and much less this
fire. When he shines, everything shines after him; by his
light all this is lighted.
That immortal Brahman is before, that Brahman
is behind, that Brahman is right and left. It has
gone forth below and above; Brahman alone is all this, it
is the best.
Third Mundka

Two birds, inseparable friends, cling to the same
tree. One of them eats the sweet fruit, the other
looks on without eating.
On the same tree man sits grieving, immersed,
bewildered by his own impotence (an-isa). But
when he sees the other lord (isa) contented and knows
his glory, then his grief passes away.
When the seer sees the brilliant maker and lord (of
the world) as the Person who has his source in
Brahman, then he is wise, and shaking off good and evil,
he reaches the highest oneness, free from
passions;
For he is the Breath shining forth in all beings, and
he who understands this becomes truly wise,
not a talker only. He revels in the Self, he delights in the
Self, and having performed his works
(truthfulness, penance, meditation, &c.) he rests, firmly
established in Brahman, the best of those who
know Brahman.
By truthfulness, indeed, by penance, right
knowledge, and abstinence must that Self be gained; the
Self whom spotless anchorites gain is pure, and like a
light within the body.
The true prevails, not the untrue; by the true the
path is laid out, the way of the gods (devayanah),
on which the old sages, satisfied in their desires, proceed
to where there is that highest place of the True
One.
That (true Brahman) shines forth grand, divine,
inconceivable, smaller than small; it is far beyond
what is far and yet near here, it is hidden in the cave (of
the heart) among those who see it even here.
He is not apprehended by the eye, nor by speech,
nor by the other senses, not by penance or good
works. When a man's nature has become purified by the
serene light of knowledge, then he sees him,
meditating on him as without parts.
That subtle Self is to be known by thought (ketas)
there where breath has entered fivefold; for
every thought of men is interwoven with the senses, and
when thought is purified, then the Self arises.
Whatever state a man whose nature is purified
imagines, and whatever desires he desires (for
himself or for others), that state he conquers and those
desires he obtains. Therefore let every man who
desires happiness worship the man who knows the Self.

He (the knower of the Self) knows that highest
home of Brahman, in which all is contained and
shines brightly. The wise who, without desiring
happiness, worship that Person, transcend this seed,
(they
are not born again.)
He who forms desires in his mind, is born again
through his desires here and there. But to him
whose desires are fulfilled and who is conscious of the
true Self (within himself) all desires vanish, even
here on earth.
That Self cannot be gained by the Veda, nor by
understanding, nor by much learning. He whom
the Self chooses, by him the Self can be gained. The
Self chooses him (his body) as his own.
Nor is that Self to be gained by one who is
destitute of strength, or without earnestness, or without
right meditation. But if a wise man strives after it by those
means (by strength, earnestness, and right
meditation), then his Self enters the home of Brahman.
When they have reached him (the Self), the sages
become satisfied through knowledge, they are
conscious of their Self, their passions have passed away,
and they are tranquil. The wise, having reached
Him who is omnipresent everywhere, devoted to the Self,
enter into him wholly.
Having well ascertained the object of the
knowledge of the Vedanta, and having purified their
nature by the Yoga of renunciation, all anchorites,
enjoying the highest immortality, become free at the
time of the great end (death) in the worlds of Brahma.
Their fifteen parts enter into their elements, their
Devas (the senses) into their (corresponding)
Devas. Their deeds and their Self with all his knowledge
become all one in the highest Imperishable.
As the flowing rivers disappear in the sea, losing
their name and their form, thus a wise man, freed
from name and form, goes to the divine Person, who is
greater than the great.
He who knows that highest Brahman, becomes
even Brahman. In his race no one is born ignorant
of Brahman. He overcomes grief, he overcomes evil; free
from the fetters of the heart, he becomes
immortal.
And this is declared by the following Rik-verse:
`Let a man tell this science of Brahman to those
only who have performed all (necessary) acts, who are
versed in the Vedas, and firmly established in (the
lower) Brahman, who themselves offer as an oblation the
one Rishi (Agni), full of faith, and by whom the
rite of (carrying fire on) the head has been performed,
according to the rule (of the Atharvanas).'
The Rishi Angiras formerly told this true
(science); a man who has not performed the (proper)
rites, does not read it. Adoration to the highest Rishis!
Adoration to the highest Rishis!
Taittiriyaka-Upanishad
First Valli
Or, The Chapter on Siksha (pronunciation)

First Anuvaka
HARIH, Om! May Mitra be propitious to us, and
Varuna, Aryaman also, Indra, Brihaspati, and
the wide-striding Vishnu.
Adoration to Brahman! Adoration to thee, O Vayu (air)!
Thou indeed art the visible Brahman. I shall
proclaim thee alone as the visible Brahman. I shall
proclaim the right. I shall proclaim the true (scil.
Brahman).
(1-5) May it protect me! May it protect the teacher! yes,
may it protect me, and may it protect the
teacher! Om! Peace! peace! peace!

Second Anuvaka
Om! Let us explain Siksha, the doctrine of
pronunciation, viz. letter, accent, quantity, effort (in the
formation of letters), modulation, and union of letters
(sandhi). This is the lecture on Siksha.

Third Anuvaka
May glory come to both of us (teacher and pupil)
together! May Vedic light belong to both of us!
Now let us explain the Upanishad (the secret meaning) of
the union (samhita), under five heads, with
regard to the worlds, the heavenly lights, knowledge,
offspring, and self (body). People call these the
great Samhitas.
First, with regard to the worlds. The earth is the former
element, heaven the latter, ether their union;
That union takes place through Vayu (air). So
much with regard to the worlds.
Next, with regard to the heavenly lights. Agni (fire) is the
former element, Aditya (the sun) the latter,
water their union. That union takes place through
lightning. So much with regard to the heavenly lights.
Next, with regard to knowledge. The teacher is the
former element,
The pupil the latter, knowledge their union. That
union takes place through the recitation of the
Veda. So much with regard to knowledge.
Next, with regard to offspring. The mother is the former
element, the father the latter, offspring their
union. That union takes place through procreation. So
much with regard to offspring.
Next, with regard to the self (body). The lower jaw
is the former element, the upper jaw the latter,
speech their union. That union takes place through
speech. So much with regard to the Self. These are
the great Samhitas. He who knows these Samhitas
(unions), as here explained, becomes united with
offspring, cattle, Vedic light, food, and with the heavenly
world.

Fourth Anuvaka
May he who is the strong bull of the Vedas,
assuming all forms, who has risen from the Vedas,
from the Immortal, may that Indra (lord) strengthen me
with wisdom! May I, O God, become an
upholder of the Immortal!
May my body be able, my tongue sweet, may I hear much
with my ears! Thou (Om) art the shrine (of
Brahman), covered by wisdom. Guard what I have learnt.
She (Sri, happiness) brings near and spreads,
And makes, without delay, garments for herself,
cows, food, and drink at all times; therefore bring
that Sri (happiness) hither to me, the woolly, with her
cattle! Svaha! May the Brahman-students come to
me, Svaha! May they come from all sides, Svaha! May
they come forth to me, Svaha! May they practise
restraint, Svaha! May they enjoy peace, Svaha!
May I be a glory among men, Svaha! May I be
better than the richest, Svaha! May I enter into
thee, O treasure (Om), Svaha! Thou, O treasure, enter
into me, Svaha! In thee, consisting of a thousand
branches, in thee, O treasure, I am cleansed, Svaha! As
water runs downward, as the months go to the
year, so, O preserver of the world, may Brahmanstudents always come to me from all sides, Svaha!
(1) Thou art a refuge! Enlighten me! Take possession of
me!

Fifth Anuvaka
Bhu, Bhuvas, Suvas, these are the three sacred
interjections (vyahriti). Mahakamasya taught a
fourth, viz. Mahas, which is Brahman, which is the Self.
The others (devatas) are its members.
Bhu is this world, Bhuvas is the sky, Suvas is the other
world.
Mahas is the sun. All the worlds are increased by
the sun. Bhu is Agni (fire), Bhuvas is Vayu
(air), Suvas is Aditya (sun). Mahas is the moon. All the
heavenly lights are increased by the moon.
Bhu is the Rik-verses, Bhuvas is the Saman-verses,
Suvas is the Yagus-verses.
Mahas is Brahman. All the Vedas are increased
by the Brahman.
(1-2) Bhu is Prana (up-breathing), Bhuvas is Apana
(down-breathing), Suvas is Vyana (back-breathing).
Mahas is food. All breathings are increased by food.
Thus there are these four times four, the four and four
sacred interjections. He who knows these,
(1-2) Knows the Brahman. All Devas bring offerings to
him.

Sixth Anuvaka
There is the ether within the heart, and in it there is
the Person (purusha) consisting of mind,
immortal, golden.
Between the two palates there hangs the uvula, like a
nipple that is the starting-point of Indra (the
lord). Where the root of the hair divides, there he opens
the two sides of the head, and saying Bhu, he
enters Agni (the fire); saying Bhuvas, he enters Vayu
(air);
Saying Suvas, he enters Aditya (sun); saying
Mahas, he enters Brahman. He there obtains
lordship, he reaches the lord of the mind. He becomes
lord of speech, lord of sight, lord of hearing, lord
of knowledge. Nay, more than this. There is the
Brahman whose body is ether, whose nature is true,
rejoicing in the senses (prana), delighted in the mind,
perfect in peace, and immortal.
(1) Worship thus, O Prakinayogya!

Seventh Anuvaka
`The earth, the sky, heaven, the four quarters, and
the intermediate quarters,' `Agni (fire), Vayu
(air), Aditya (sun), Kandramas (moon), and the stars,'
`Water, herbs, trees, ether, the universal Self
(virag),'- so much with reference to material objects
(bhuta).
Now with reference to the self (the body): `Prana (upbreathing), Apana (down-breathing), Vyana (backbreathing), Udana (out-breathing), and Samana (onbreathing),' `The eye, the ear, mind, speech, and
touch,'- `The skin, flesh, muscle, bone, and marrow.'
Having dwelt on this (fivefold arrangement of the
worlds, the gods, beings, breathings, senses, and
elements of the body), a Rishi said: `Whatever exists is
fivefold (pankta).'
(1) By means of the one fivefold set (that referring to the
body) he completes the other fivefold set.

Eighth Anuvaka
Om means Brahman.
Om means all this.
Om means obedience. When they have been told,
`Om, speak,' they speak.
After Om they sing Samans.
After Om they recite hymns.
After Om the Adhvaryu gives the response.
After Om the Brahman-priest gives orders.
After Om he (the sacrificer) allows the
performance of the Agnihotra.
When a Brahmana is going to begin his lecture, he
says,
`Om, may I acquire Brahman (the Veda).' He
thus acquires the Veda.

Ninth Anuvaka
(What is necessary?) The right, and learning and
practising the Veda. The true, and learning and
practising the Veda. Penance, and learning and
practising the Veda. Restraint, and learning and
practising the Veda. Tranquillity, and learning and
practising the Veda. The fires (to be consecrated),
and learning and practising the Veda. The Agnihotra
sacrifice, and learning and practising the Veda.
Guests (to be entertained), and learning and practising
the Veda. Man's duty, and learning and
practising the Veda. Children, and learning and
practising the Veda.
(1-6) Marriage, and learning and practising the Veda.
Children's children, and learning and practising
the Veda.
Satyavakas Rathitara thinks that the true only is
necessary. Taponitya Paurasishti thinks that penance
only is necessary. Naka Maudgalya thinks that learning
and practising the Veda only are necessary,
for that is penance, that is penance.

Tenth Anuvaka
`I am he who shakes the tree (i.e. the tree of the
world, which has to be cut down by knowledge).
My glory is like the top of a mountain.
I, whose pure light (of knowledge) has risen high,
am that which is truly immortal, as it resides in
the sun.
I am the brightest treasure.
I am wise, immortal, imperishable.'
This is the teaching of the Veda, by the poet
Trisanku.

Eleventh Anuvaka
After having taught the Veda, the teacher
instructs the pupil: `Say what is true! Do thy duty! Do
not neglect the study of the Veda! After having brought to
thy teacher his proper reward, do not cut off
the line of children! Do not swerve from the truth! Do not
swerve from duty! Do not neglect what is
useful! Do not neglect greatness! Do not neglect the
learning and teaching of the Veda!
`Do not neglect the (sacrificial) works due to the
Gods and Fathers! Let thy mother be to thee
like unto a god! Let thy father be to thee like unto a god!
Let thy teacher be to thee like unto a god! Let
thy guest be to thee like unto a god! Whatever actions
are blameless, those should be regarded, not others.
Whatever good works have been performed by us, those
should be observed by thee,
`Not others. And there are some Brahmanas
better than we. They should be comforted by thee
by giving them a seat. Whatever is given should be given
with faith, not without faith, with joy, with
modesty, with fear, with kindness. If there should be any
doubt in thy mind with regard to any sacred act
or with regard to conduct,
`In that case conduct thyself as Brahmanas who
possess good judgment conduct themselves
therein, whether they be appointed or not, as long as they
are not too severe, but devoted to duty. And
with regard to things that have been spoken against, as
Brahmanas who possess good judgment conduct
themselves therein, whether they be appointed or not, as
long as they are not too severe, but devoted to
duty,
(1-7) Thus conduct thyself. `This is the rule. This is the
teaching. This is the true purport (Upanishad)
of the Veda. This is the command. Thus should you
observe. Thus should this be observed.'

Twelfth Anuvaka
May Mitra be propitious to us, and Varuna,
Aryaman also, Indra, Brihaspati, and the widestriding Vishnu! Adoration to Brahman! Adoration to
thee, O Vayu! Thou indeed art the visible
Brahman. I proclaimed thee alone as the visible
Brahman.
(1-5) I proclaimed the right. I proclaimed the true. It
protected me. It protected the teacher. Yes, it
protected me, it protected the teacher. Om! Peace!
peace! peace!
Second Valli
Or, The Chapter on Ananda (bliss)
Harih, Om! May it (the Brahman) protect us both (teacher
and pupil)! May it enjoy us both! May we
acquire strength together! May our knowledge become
bright! May we never quarrel! Peace! peace!
peace!

First Anuvaka
He who knows the Brahman attains the highest
(Brahman). On this the following verse is recorded:
`He who knows Brahman, which is (i.e. cause, not
effect), which is conscious, which is without end, as
hidden in the depth (of the heart), in the highest ether, he
enjoys all blessings, at one with the omniscient
Brahman.'
From that Self (Brahman) sprang ether (akasa, that
through which we hear); from ether air (that through
which we hear and feel); from air fire (that through which
we hear, feel, and see); from fire water (that
through which we hear, feel, see, and taste); from water
earth (that through which we hear, feel, see, taste,
and smell). From earth herbs, from herbs food, from food
seed, from seed man. Man thus consists of the
essence of food. This is his head, this his right arm, this
his left arm, this his trunk (atman), this the seat
(the support).
On this there is also the following Sloka:

Second Anuvaka
`From food are produced all creatures which dwell on
earth. Then they live by food, and in the end they
return to food. For food is the oldest of all beings, and
therefore it is called panacea (sarvaushadha, i.e.
consisting of all herbs, or quieting the heat of the body of
all beings).'
They who worship food as Brahman, obtain all food. For
food is the oldest of all beings, and therefore it
is called panacea. From food all creatures are produced;
by food, when born, they grow. Because it is fed
on, or because it feeds on beings, therefore it is called
food (anna).
Different from this, which consists of the essence of food,
is the other, the inner Self, which consists of
breath. The former is filled by this. It also has the shape
of man. Like the human shape of the former is
the human shape of the latter. Prana (up-breathing) is its
head. Vyana (back-breathing) is its right arm.
Apana (down-breathing) is its left arm. Ether is its trunk.
The earth the seat (the support).
On this there is also the following Sloka:

Third Anuvaka
`The Devas breathe after breath (prana), so do men and
cattle. Breath is the life of beings, therefore it is
called sarvayusha (all-enlivening).'
They who worship breath as Brahman, obtain the full life.
For breath is the life of all beings, and
therefore it is called sarvayusha. The embodied Self of
this (consisting of breath) is the same as that of the
former (consisting of food).
Different from this, which consists of breath, is the other,
the inner Self, which consists of mind. The
former is filled by this. It also has the shape of man. Like
the human shape of the former is the human
shape of the latter. Yagus is its head. Rik is its right arm.
Saman is its left arm. The doctrine (adesa, i.e.
the Brahmana) is its trunk. The Athar-vangiras (Atharvahymns) the seat (the support).
On this there is also the following Sloka:

Fourth Anuvaka
`He who knows the bliss of that Brahman, from whence
all speech, with the mind, turns away unable to
reach it, he never fears.' The embodied Self of this
(consisting of mind) is the same as that of the former
(consisting of breath).
Different from this, which consists of mind, is the other,
the inner Self, which consists of understanding.
The former is filled by this. It also has the shape of man.
Like the human shape of the former is the
human shape of the latter. Faith is its head. What is right
is its right arm. What is true is its left arm.
Absorption (yoga) is its trunk. The great (intellect?) is the
seat (the support).
On this there is also the following Sloka:

Fifth Anuvaka
`Understanding performs the sacrifice, it performs all
sacred acts. All Devas worship understanding as
Brahman, as the oldest. If a man knows understanding
as Brahman, and if he does not swerve from it, he
leaves all evils behind in the body, and attains all his
wishes.' The embodied Self of this (consisting of
understanding) is the same as that of the former
(consisting of mind).
Different from this, which consists of understanding, is the
other inner Self, which consists of bliss. The
former is filled by this. It also has the shape of man. Like
the human shape of the former is the human
shape of the latter. Joy is its head. Satisfaction its right
arm. Great satisfaction is its left arm. Bliss is its
trunk. Brahman is the seat (the support).
On this there is also the following Sloka:

Sixth Anuvaka
`He who knows the Brahman as non-existing, becomes
himself non-existing. He who knows the Brahman
as existing, him we know himself as existing.' The
embodied Self of this (bliss) is the same as that of the
former (understanding).
Thereupon follow the questions of the pupil:
`Does any one who knows not, after he has departed this
life, ever go to that world? Or does he who
knows, after he has departed, go to that world?'
The answer is: He wished, may I be many, may I grow
forth. He brooded over himself (like a man
performing penance). After he had thus brooded, he sent
forth (created) all, whatever there is. Having
sent forth, he entered into it. Having entered it, he
became sat (what is manifest) and tyat (what is not
manifest), defined and undefined, supported and not
supported, (endowed with) knowledge and without
knowledge (as stones), real and unreal. The Sattya (true)
became all this whatsoever, and therefore the
wise call it (the Brahman) Sat-tya (the true).
On this there is also this Sloka:

Seventh Anuvaka
`In the beginning this was non-existent (not yet defined by
form and name). From it was born what
exists. That made itself its Self, therefore it is called the
Self-made.' That which is Self-made is a flavour
(can be tasted), for only after perceiving a flavour can any
one perceive pleasure. Who could breathe, who
could breathe forth, if that bliss (Brahman) existed not in
the ether (in the heart)? For he alone causes
blessedness.
When he finds freedom from fear and rest in that which is
invisible, incorporeal, undefined, unsupported,
then he has obtained the fearless. For if he makes but
the smallest distinction in it, there is fear for him.
But that fear exists only for one who thinks himself wise,
(not for the true sage.)
On this there is also this Sloka:

Eighth Anuvaka
`From terror of it (Brahman) the wind blows, from
terror the sun rises; from terror of it Agni and
Indra, yea Death runs as the fifth.'
Now this is an examination of (what is meant by) Bliss
(ananda):
Let there be a noble young man, who is well read (in the
Veda), very swift, firm, and strong, and let the
whole world be full of wealth for him, that is one measure
of human bliss.
One hundred times that human bliss
is one measure of the bliss of human Gandharvas
(genii), and likewise of a great sage (learned in
the Vedas) who is free from desires.
One hundred times that bliss of human Gandharvas is
one measure of the bliss of divine Gandharvas
(genii), and likewise of a great sage who is free from
desires.
One hundred times that bliss of divine Gandharvas is one
measure of the bliss of the Fathers, enjoying
their long estate, and likewise of a great sage who is free
from desires.
One hundred times that bliss of the Fathers is one
measure of the bliss of the Devas, born in the Agana
heaven (through the merit of their lawful works),
and likewise of a great sage who is free from
desires.
One hundred times that bliss of the Devas born in the
Agana heaven is one measure of the bliss of the
sacrificial Devas, who go to the Devas by means of their
Vaidik sacrifices, and likewise of a great sage
who is free from desires.
One hundred times that bliss of the sacrificial Devas is
one measure of the bliss of the (thirty-three)
Devas, and likewise of a great sage who is free from
desires.
One hundred times that bliss of the (thirty-three) Devas is
one measure of the bliss of Indra,
and likewise of a great sage who is free from
desires.
One hundred times that bliss of Indra is one measure of
the bliss of Brihaspati, and likewise of a great
sage who is free from desires.
One hundred times that bliss of Brihaspati is one
measure of the bliss of Pragapati, and likewise of a great
sage who is free from desires.
One hundred times that bliss of Pragapati is one measure
of the bliss of Brahman, and likewise of a great
sage who is free from desires.
He who is this (Brahman) in man, and he who is
that (Brahman) in the sun, both are one.
He who knows this, when he has departed this world,
reaches and comprehends the Self which consists of
food, the Self which consists of breath, the Self which
consists of mind, the Self which consists of
understanding, the Self which consists of bliss.
On this there is also this Sloka:

Ninth Anuvaka
`He who knows the bliss of that Brahman, from whence
all speech, with the mind, turns away unable to
reach it, he fears nothing.'
He does not distress himself with the thought, Why did I
not do what is good? Why did I do what is bad?
He who thus knows these two (good and bad), frees
himself. He who knows both, frees himself. This is
the Upanishad.
Third Valli
Or, the Chapter of Bhrigu
Harih, Om! May it (the Brahman) protect us both! May it
enjoy us both! May we acquire strength
together! May our knowledge become bright! May we
never quarrel! Peace! peace! peace!

First Anuvaka
Bhrigu Varuni went to his father Varuna, saying: `Sir,
teach me Brahman.' He told him this, viz. Food,
breath, the eye, the ear, mind, speech.
Then he said again to him: `That from whence these
beings are born, that by which, when born, they live,
that into which they enter at their death, try to know that.
That is Brahman.'
He performed penance. Having performed penance

Second Anuvaka
He perceived that food is Brahman, for from food these
beings are produced; by food, when born, they
live; and into food they enter at their death.
Having perceived this, he went again to his father Varuna,
saying: `Sir, teach me Brahman.' He said to
him: `Try to know Brahman by penance, for penance is
(the means of knowing) Brahman.'
He performed penance. Having performed penance

Third Anuvaka
He perceived that breath is Brahman, for from breath
these beings are born; by breath, when born, they
live; into breath they enter at their death.
Having perceived this, he went again to his father Varuna,
saying: `Sir, teach me Brahman.' He said to
him: `Try to know Brahman by penance, for penance is
(the means of knowing) Brahman.'
He performed penance. Having performed penance

Fourth Anuvaka
He perceived that mind (manas) is Brahman, for from
mind these beings are born; by mind, when born,
they live; into mind they enter at their death.
Having perceived this, he went again to his father Varuna,
saying: `Sir, teach me Brahman.' He said to
him: `Try to know Brahman by penance, for penance is
(the means of knowing) Brahman.'
He performed penance. Having performed penance

Fifth Anuvaka
He perceived that understanding (vignana) was Brahman,
for from understanding these beings are born;
by understanding, when born, they live; into
understanding they enter at their death.
Having perceived this, he went again to his father Varuna,
saying: `Sir, teach me Brahman.' He said to
him: `Try to know Brahman by penance, for penance is
(the means of knowing) Brahman.'
He performed penance. Having performed penance

Sixth Anuvaka
He perceived that bliss is Brahman, for from bliss these
beings are born; by bliss, when born, they live;
into bliss they enter at their death.
This is the knowledge of Bhrigu and Varuna, exalted in
the highest heaven (in the heart). He who knows
this becomes exalted, becomes rich in food, and able to
eat food (healthy), becomes great by offspring,
cattle, and the splendour of his knowledge (of Brahman),
great by fame.

Seventh Anuvaka
Let him never abuse food, that is the rule.
Breath is food, the body eats the food. The body rests on
breath, breath rests on the body. This is the food
resting on food. He who knows this food resting on food,
rests exalted, becomes rich in food, and able to
eat food (healthy), becomes great by offspring, cattle, and
the splendour of his knowledge (of Brahman),
great by fame.

Eighth Anuvaka
Let him never shun food, that is the rule. Water is food,
the light eats the food. The light rests on water,
water rests on light. This is the food resting on food. He
who knows this food resting on food, rests
exalted, becomes rich in food, and able to eat food
(healthy), becomes great by offspring, cattle, and the
splendour of his knowledge (of Brahman), great by fame.

Ninth Anuvaka
Let him acquire much food, that is the rule. Earth is food,
the ether eats the food. The ether rests on the
earth, the earth rests on the ether. This is the food
resting on food. He who knows this food resting on
food, rests exalted, becomes rich in food, and able to eat
food (healthy), becomes great by offspring, cattle,
and the splendour of his knowledge (of Brahman), great
by fame.

Tenth Anuvaka
Let him never turn away (a stranger) from his
house, that is the rule. Therefore a man should by
all means acquire much food, for (good) people say (to
the stranger): `There is food ready for him.'
If he gives food amply, food is given to him amply.
If he gives food fairly, food is given to him fairly.
If he gives food meanly, food is given to him meanly.
He who knows this, (recognises and worships
Brahman) as possession in speech, as acquisition
and possession in up-breathing (prana) and downbreathing (apana); as action in the hands; as walking in
the feet; as voiding in the anus. These are the human
recognitions (of Brahman as manifested in human
actions). Next follow the recognitions (of Brahman) with
reference to the Devas, viz. as satisfaction in
rain; as power in lightning;
As glory in cattle; as light in the stars; as
procreation, immortality, and bliss in the member; as
everything in the ether. Let him worship that (Brahman)
as support, and he becomes supported. Let him
worship that (Brahman) as greatness (mahah), and he
becomes great. Let him worship that (Brahman) as
mind, and he becomes endowed with mind.
Let him worship that (Brahman) as adoration, and
all desires fall down before him in adoration.
Let him worship that (Brahman) as Brahman, and he will
become possessed of Brahman. Let him
worship this as the absorption of the gods in Brahman,
and the enemies who hate him will die all around
him, all around him will die the foes whom he does not
love.
He who is this (Brahman) in man, and he who is that
(Brahman) in the sun, both are one.
He who knows this, when he has departed this
world, after reaching and comprehending the Self
which consists of food, the Self which consists of breath,
the Self which consists of mind, the Self which
consists of understanding, the Self which consists of
bliss, enters and takes possession of these worlds, and
having as much food as he likes, and assuming as many
forms as he likes, he sits down singing this
Saman (of Brahman): `Havu, havu, havu!
`I am food (object), I am food, I am food! I am the
eater of food (subject), I am the eater of food, I
am the eater of food! I am the poet (who joins the two
together), I am the poet, I am the poet! I am the
first-born of the Right (rita). Before the Devas I was in the
centre of all that is immortal. He who gives
me away, he alone preserves me: him who eats food, I
eat as food.
`I overcome the whole world, I, endowed with golden
light. He who knows this, (attains all this).' This is
the Upanishad.
Commentary
Note: In giving the various degrees of happiness, the
author of the Upanishd gives us at the same time
the various classes of human and divine beings which we
must suppose were recognized in his time. We
have men, human Gandharvas, divine Gandharvas,
Fathers (pitaras kiralokalokah), born Gods (aganaga
devah), Gods by merit (karmadevah), Gods, Indra,
Brihaspati, Pragapati, Brahman. Such a list would
seem to be the invention of an individual rather than the
result of an old tradition, if it did not occur in a
very similar form in the Satapatha-brahmana,
Madhyandina-sakha XIV, 7, I, 31, Kanva-sakha (Brih. Ar.
Up. Iv, 3, 32). Here too, the highest measure of
happiness is ascribed to the Brahmaloka, and other
beings
are supposed to share a certain measure only of it's
supreme hapiness. The scale begins in the
Madhyandina-sakha with men, who are followed by the
Fathers (pitaro gitalokah), the Gods by merit
(karmadevah), the gods by birth (aganadevah, with whom
the Srotriya is joined), the world of Gods, the
world of Gandharvas, the world of Pragapati, the world of
Brahman. In the Brihad-aranyaka-upanishad
we have Men, Fathers, Ghandarvas, Gods by merit, Gods
by birth, Pragapati, and Brahman. If we place
the three lists side by side, we find
Taittiriya-Upan.
Men
Satapatha-Brah.
Men
Brihadaran.-Upan.
Men
Human Gandharvas
-
-
(and Srotirya)
Divine Gandharvas
-
-
Fathers (kiraloka) Fathers (gitaloka) Fathers (gitaloka)
-
Gandharvas
Gods by birth
Gods by merit
Gods by merit
Gods by merit
Gods by birth
Gods by birth
(and Srotriya)
Gods
Indra
(and Srotriya)
Gods
-
Gandharvas
Brihaspati
-
Pragapati
Pragapati
Brahman
Brahman
Pragapati
Brahman.
The commentators do not help us much. Sankara on the
Taittiriyaka-upanishad explains the human
Gandharvas as men who have become Gandharvas, a
kind of fairies; divine Gandharvas, as Gandharvas
by birth. The Fathers or Manes are called Kiraloka,
because they remain long, though not for ever, in
their world. The aganaga Gods are explained as born in
the world of the Devas through their good works
(smarta), while the Karmadevas are explained as born
there through their sacred works (vaidika). The
Gods are the thirty-three, whose lord is Indra, and whose
teacher is Brihaspati. Pragapati is Virag,
Brahman Hiranyagarbha. Dvivedaganga, in his
commentary on the Satapatha-brahmana, explains the
Fathers as those who, proceeding on the Southern path,
have conquered their world, more particularly by
having themselves offered in their life sacrifices to their
Fathers. The Karmadevas, according to him, are
those who have become Devas by sacred works (srauta),
the Aganadevas those who were gods before there
were men. The Gods are Indra and the rest, while the
Gandharvas are not explained. Pragapati is Virag,
Brahman is Hiranyagarbha. Lastly, Sankara, in his
commentary on the Brihadaranyaka-upanishad, gives
nearly the same explanation as before; only that he
makes aganadevah still clearer, by explaining them as
gods aganatah, i.e. utpattitah, from their birth.
The arrangement of these beings and their worlds, one
rising above the other, reminds us of the
cosmography of the Buddhists, but the elements, though
in a less systematic form, existed evidently
before. Thus we find in the so-called Gargi-brahmana
(Satapatha-brahmana XIV, 6, 6, I) the following
succession: (Water, air, ether)a, (the worlds of the sky)b,
(heaven, sun, mmon, stars, gods, Gandharvas)c,
Pragapati, Brahman. In the Kaushitaki-upanishad I, 3
(Sacred Books of the East, vol. I, p. 275) there is
another series, the worlds of Agni, Vayu, Varuna, Indra,
Pragapati, and Brahman. See Weber, Ind. Stud.
II, p. 224.
Brihadaranyaka-Upanishad
First Adhyaya

First Brahmana
Verily the dawn is the head of the horse which is fit
for sacrifice, the sun its eye, the wind its breath,
the mouth the Vaisvanara fire, the year the body of the
sacrificial horse. Heaven is the back, the sky the
belly, the earth the chest, the quarters the two sides, the
intermediate quarters the ribs, the members the
seasons, the joints the months and half-months, the feet
days and nights, the bones the stars, the flesh the
clouds. The half-digested food is the sand, the rivers the
bowels, the liver and the lungs the mountains,
the hairs the herbs and trees. As the sun rises, it is the
forepart, as it sets, the hindpart of the horse.
When the horse shakes itself, then it lightens; when it
kicks, it thunders; when it makes water, it rains;
voice is its voice.
Verily Day arose after the horse as the (golden)
vessel, called Mahiman (greatness), which (at the
sacrifice) is placed before the horse. Its place is in the
Eastern sea. The Night arose after the horse as the
(silver) vessel, called Mahiman, which (at the sacrifice) is
placed behind the horse. Its place is in the
Western sea. Verily, these two vessels (or greatnesses)
arose to be on each side of the horse.
As a racer he carried the Devas, as a stallion the
Gandharvas, as a runner the Asuras, as a horse men.
The sea is its kin, the sea is its birthplace.

Second Brahmana
In the beginning there was nothing (to be
perceived) here whatsoever. By Death indeed all this
was concealed, by hunger; for death is hunger. Death
(the first being) thought, `Let me have a body.'
Then he moved about, worshipping. From him thus
worshipping water was produced. And he said:
`Verily, there appeared to me, while I worshipped
(arkate), water (ka).' This is why water is called ar-ka.
Surely there is water (or pleasure) for him who thus
knows the reason why water is called arka.
Verily water is arka. And what was there as the
froth of the water, that was hardened, and became
the earth. On that earth he (Death) rested, and from him,
thus resting and heated, Agni (Virag)
proceeded, full of light.
That being divided itself threefold, Aditya (the sun)
as the third, and Vayu (the air) as the third.
That spirit (prana) became threefold. The head was the
Eastern quarter, and the arms this and that
quarter (i.e. the N.E. and S.E., on the left and right sides).
Then the tail was the Western quarter, and the
two legs this and that quarter (i.e. the N.W. and S.W.).
The sides were the Southern and Northern
quarters, the back heaven, the belly the sky, the dust the
earth. Thus he (Mrityu, as arka) stands firm in
the water, and he who knows this stands firm wherever
he goes.
He desired, `Let a second body be born of me,'
and he (Death or Hunger) embraced Speech in his
mind. Then the seed became the year. Before that time
there was no year. Speech bore him so long as a
year, and after that time sent him forth. Then when he
was born, he (Death) opened his mouth, as if to
swallow him. He cried Bhan! and that became speech.
He thought, `If I kill him, I shall have but little food.'
He therefore brought forth by that speech
and by that body (the year) all whatsoever exists, the Rik,
the Yagus, the Saman, the metres, the sacrifices,
men, and animals.
And whatever he (Death) brought forth, that he resolved
to eat (ad). Verily because he eats everything,
therefore is Aditi (Death) called Aditi. He who thus knows
why Aditi is called Aditi, becomes an eater of
everything, and everything becomes his food.
He desired to sacrifice again with a greater
sacrifice. He toiled and performed penance. And while
he toiled and performed penance, glorious power went
out of him. Verily glorious power means the
senses (prana). Then when the senses had gone out, the
body took to swelling (sva-yitum), and mind was
in the body.
He desired that this body should be fit for sacrifice
(medhya), and that he should be embodied by it.
Then he became a horse (asva), because it swelled
(asvat), and was fit for sacrifice (medhya); and this is
why the horse-sacrifice is called Asva-medha.
Verily he who knows him thus, knows the Asvamedha.
Then, letting the horse free, he thought, and at
the end of a year he offered it up for himself, while he
gave up the (other) animals to the deities.
Therefore the sacrificers offered up the purified horse
belonging to Pragapati, (as dedicated) to all the
deities.
Verily the shining sun is the Asvamedha-sacrifice, and his
body is the year; Agni is the sacrificial fire
(arka), and these worlds are his bodies. These two are
the sacrificial fire and the Asvamedha-sacrifice,
and they are again one deity, viz. Death. He (who knows
this) overcomes another death, death does not
reach him, death is his Self, he becomes one of those
deities.

Third Brahmana
There were two kinds of descendants of Pragapati,
the Devas and the Asuras. Now the Devas were
indeed the younger, the Asuras the elder ones. The
Devas, who were struggling in these worlds, said:
`Well, let us overcome the Asuras at the sacrifices (the
Gyotishtoma) by means of the udgitha.'
They said to speech (Vak): `Do thou sing out for
us (the udgitha).' `Yes,' said speech, and sang (the
udgitha). Whatever delight there is in speech, that she
obtained for the Devas by singing (the three
pavamanas); but that she pronounced well (in the other
nine pavamanas), that was for herself. The
Asuras knew: `Verily, through this singer they will
overcome us.' They therefore rushed at the singer and
pierced her with evil. That evil which consists in saying
what is bad, that is that evil.
Then they (the Devas) said to breath (scent): `Do
thou sing out for us.' `Yes,' said breath, and
sang. Whatever delight there is in breath (smell), that he
obtained for the Devas by singing; but that he
smelled well, that was for himself. The Asuras knew:
`Verily, through this singer they will overcome us.'
They therefore rushed at the singer, and pierced him with
evil. That evil which consists in smelling what
is bad, that is that evil.
Then they said to the eye: `Do thou sing out for
us.' `Yes,' said the eye, and sang. Whatever
delight there is in the eye, that he obtained for the Devas
by singing; but that he saw well, that was for
himself. The Asuras knew: `Verily, through this singer
they will overcome us.' They therefore rushed at
the singer, and pierced him with evil. That evil which
consists in seeing what is bad, that is that evil.
Then they said to the ear: `Do thou sing out for us.'
`Yes,' said the ear, and sang. Whatever
delight there is in the ear, that he obtained for the Devas
by singing; but that he heard well, that was for
himself. The Asuras knew: `Verily, through this singer
they will overcome us.' They therefore rushed at
the singer, and pierced him with evil. That evil which
consists in hearing what is bad, that is that evil.
Then they said to the mind: `Do thou sing out for
us.' `Yes,' said the mind, and sang. Whatever
delight there is in the mind, that he obtained for the Devas
by singing; but that he thought well, that was
for himself. The Asuras knew: `Verily, through this singer
they will overcome us.' They therefore rushed
at the singer, and pierced him with evil. That evil which
consists in thinking what is bad, that is that evil.
Thus they overwhelmed these deities with evils, thus they
pierced them with evil.
Then they said to the breath in the mouth: `Do
thou sing for us.' `Yes,' said the breath, and sang.
The Asuras knew: `Verily, through this singer they will
overcome us.' They therefore rushed at him and
pierced him with evil. Now as a ball of earth will be
scattered when hitting a stone, thus they perished,
scattered in all directions. Hence the Devas rose, the
Asuras fell. He who knows this, rises by his self,
and the enemy who hates him falls.
Then they (the Devas) said: `Where was he then
who thus stuck to us?' It was (the breath) within
the mouth (asye 'ntar), and therefore called Ayasya; he
was the sap (rasa) of the limbs (anga), and
therefore called Angirasa.
That deity was called Dur, because Death was far
(duran) from it. From him who knows this,
Death is far off.
That deity, after having taken away the evil of
those deities, viz. death, sent it to where the end of
the quarters of the earth is. There he deposited their
sins. Therefore let no one go to a man, let no one go
to the end (of the quarters of the earth), that he may not
meet there with evil, with death.
That deity, after having taken away the evil of
those deities, viz. death, carried them beyond
death.
He carried speech across first. When speech
had become freed from death, it became (what it had
been before) Agni (fire). That Agni, after having stepped
beyond death, shines.
Then he carried breath (scent) across. When
breath had become freed from death, it became
Vayu (air). That Vayu, after having stepped beyond
death, blows.
Then he carried the eye across. When the eye
had become freed from death, it became Aditya
(the sun). That Aditya, after having stepped beyond
death, burns.
Then he carried the ear across. When the ear
had become freed from death, it became the
quarters (space). These are our quarters (space), which
have stepped beyond death.
Then he carried the mind across. When the mind
had become freed from death, it became the
moon (Kandramas). That moon, after having stepped
beyond death, shines. Thus does that deity carry
him, who knows this, across death.
Then breath (vital), by singing, obtained for
himself eatable food. For whatever food is eaten, is
eaten by breath alone, and in it breath rests.
The Devas said: `Verily, thus far, whatever food there is,
thou hast by singing acquired it for thyself. Now
therefore give us a share in that food.' He said: `You
there, enter into me.' They said Yes, and entered all
into him. Therefore whatever food is eaten by breath, by
it the other senses are satisfied.
If a man knows this, then his own relations come
to him in the same manner; he becomes their
supporter, their chief leader, their strong ruler. And if ever
any one tries to oppose one who is possessed
of such knowledge among his own relatives, then he will
not be able to support his own belongings. But
he who follows the man who is possessed of such
knowledge, and who with his permission wishes to
support those whom he has to support, he indeed will be
able to support his own belongings.
He was called Ayasya Angirasa, for he is the sap
(rasa) of the limbs (anga). Verily, breath is the
sap of the limbs. Yes, breath is the sap of the limbs.
Therefore from whatever limb breath goes away,
that limb withers, for breath verily is the sap of the limbs.
He (breath) is also Brihaspati, for speech is
Brihati (Rig-veda), and he is her lord; therefore he is
Brihaspati.
He (breath) is also Brahmanaspati, for speech is
Brahman (Yagur-veda), and he is her lord;
therefore he is Brahmanaspati.
He (breath) is also Saman (the Udgitha), for speech is
Saman (Sama-veda), and that is both speech (sa)
and breath (ama). This is why Saman is called Saman.
Or because he is equal (sama) to a grub, equal
to a gnat, equal to an elephant, equal to these three
worlds, nay, equal to this universe, therefore he is
Saman. He who thus knows this Saman, obtains union
and oneness with Saman.
He (breath) is Udgitha. Breath verily is Ut, for by
breath this universe is upheld (uttabdha); and
speech is Githa, song. And because he is ut and githa,
therefore he (breath) is Udgitha.
And thus Brahmadatta Kaikitaneya (the grandson
of Kikitana), while taking Soma (ragan), said:
`May this Soma strike my head off, if Ayasya Angirasa
sang another Udgitha than this. He sang it indeed
as speech and breath.'
He who knows what is the property of this
Saman, obtains property. Now verily its property is
tone only. Therefore let a priest, who is going to perform
the sacrificial work of a Sama-singer, desire
that his voice may have a good tone, and let him perform
the sacrifice with a voice that is in good tone.
Therefore people (who want a priest) for a sacrifice, look
out for one who possesses a good voice, as for
one who possesses property. He who thus knows what is
the property of that Saman, obtains property.
He who knows what is the gold of that Saman,
obtains gold. Now verily its gold is tone only. He
who thus knows what is the gold of that Saman, obtains
gold.
He who knows what is the support of that Saman,
he is supported. Now verily its support is
speech only. For, as supported in speech, that breath is
sung as that Saman. Some say the support is in
food.
Next follows the Abhyaroha (the ascension) of the
Pavamana verses. Verily the Prastotri begins to sing the
Saman, and when he begins, then let him (the sacrificer)
recite these (three Yagus-verses):
`Lead me from the unreal to the real! Lead me from
darkness to light! Lead me from death to
immortality!'
Now when he says, `Lead me from the unreal to the real,'
the unreal is verily death, the real immortality.
He therefore says, `Lead me from death to immortality,
make me immortal.'
When he says, `Lead me from darkness to light,'
darkness is verily death, light immortality. He therefore
says, `Lead me from death to immortality, make me
immortal.'
When he says, `Lead me from death to immortality,' there
is nothing there, as it were, hidden (obscure,
requiring explanation).
Next come the other Stotras with which the priest
may obtain food for himself by singing them.
Therefore let the sacrificer, while these Stotras are being
sung, ask for a boon, whatever desire he may
desire. An Udgatri priest who knows this obtains by his
singing whatever desire he may desire either for
himself or for the sacrificer. This (knowledge) indeed is
called the conqueror of the worlds. He who thus
knows this Saman, for him there is no fear of his not
being admitted to the worlds.

Fourth Brahmana
In the beginning this was Self alone, in the shape
of a person (purusha). He looking round saw
nothing but his Self. He first said, `This is I;' therefore he
became I by name. Therefore even now, if a
man is asked, he first says, `This is I,' and then
pronounces the other name which he may have. And
because before (purva) all this, he (the Self) burnt down
(ush) all evils, therefore he was a person (purusha). Verily he who knows this, burns down every one
who tries to be before him.
He feared, and therefore any one who is lonely
fears. He thought, `As there is nothing but myself,
why should I fear?' Thence his fear passed away. For
what should he have feared? Verily fear arises
from a second only.
But he felt no delight. Therefore a man who is
lonely feels no delight. He wished for a second.
He was so large as man and wife together. He then
made this his Self to fall in two (pat), and thence
arose husband (pati) and wife (patni). Therefore
Yagnavalkya said: `We two are thus (each of us) like
half a shell.' Therefore the void which was there, is filled
by the wife. He embraced her, and men were
born.
She thought, `How can he embrace me, after
having produced me from himself? I shall hide
myself.'
She then became a cow, the other became a bull and
embraced her, and hence cows were born. The one
became a mare, the other a stallion; the one a male ass,
the other a female ass. He embraced her, and
hence one-hoofed animals were born. The one became
a she-goat, the other a he-goat; the one became a
ewe, the other a ram. He embraced her, and hence
goats and sheep were born. And thus he created
everything that exists in pairs, down to the ants.creation,
sacred cow
He knew, `I indeed am this creation, for I created
all this.' Hence he became the creation, and he
who knows this lives in this his creation.
Next he thus produced fire by rubbing. From the
mouth, as from the fire-hole, and from the hands
he created fire. Therefore both the mouth and the hands
are inside without hair, for the fire-hole is inside
without hair.
And when they say, `Sacrifice to this or sacrifice to that
god,' each god is but his manifestation, for he is
all gods.
Now, whatever there is moist, that he created from seed;
this is Soma. So far verily is this universe either
food or eater. Soma indeed is food, Agni eater. This is
the highest creation of Brahman, when he created
the gods from his better part, and when he, who was
(then) mortal, created the immortals. Therefore it
was the highest creation. And he who knows this, lives in
this his highest creation.
Now all this was then undeveloped. It became
developed by form and name, so that one could say,
`He, called so and so, is such a one.' Therefore at present
also all this is developed by name and form, so
that one can say, `He, called so and so, is such a one.'
He (Brahman or the Self) entered thither, to the very tips
of the finger-nails, as a razor might be fitted in a
razor-case, or as fire in a fire-place.
He cannot be seen, for, in part only, when breathing, he is
breath by name; when speaking, speech by
name; when seeing, eye by name; when hearing, ear by
name; when thinking, mind by name. All these
are but the names of his acts. And he who worships
(regards) him as the one or the other, does not know
him, for he is apart from this (when qualified) by the one
or the other (predicate). Let men worship him
as Self, for in the Self all these are one. This Self is the
footstep of everything, for through it one knows
everything. And as one can find again by footsteps what
was lost, thus he who knows this finds glory and
praise.
This, which is nearer to us than anything, this Self,
is dearer than a son, dearer than wealth, dearer
than all else.
And if one were to say to one who declares another than
the Self dear, that he will lose what is dear to
him, very likely it would be so. Let him worship the Self
alone as dear. He who worships the Self alone
as dear, the object of his love will never perish.
Here they say: `If men think that by knowledge of
Brahman they will become everything, what
then did that Brahman know, from whence all this
sprang?'
Verily in the beginning this was Brahman, that
Brahman knew (its) Self only, saying, `I am
Brahman.' From it all this sprang. Thus, whatever Deva
was awakened (so as to know Brahman), he
indeed became that (Brahman); and the same with Rishis
and men. The Rishi Vamadeva saw and
understood it, singing, `I was Manu (moon), I was the
sun.' Therefore now also he who thus knows that
he is Brahman, becomes all this, and even the Devas
cannot prevent it, for he himself is their Self.
Now if a man worships another deity, thinking the deity is
one and he another, he does not know. He is
like a beast for the Devas. For verily, as many beasts
nourish a man, thus does every man nourish the
Devas. If only one beast is taken away, it is not pleasant;
how much more when many are taken!
Therefore it is not pleasant to the Devas that men should
know this.
Verily in the beginning this was Brahman, one
only. That being one, was not strong enough. It
created still further the most excellent Kshatra (power),
viz. those Kshatras (powers) among the Devas,
Indra, Varuna, Soma, Rudra, Parganya, Yama, Mrityu,
Isana. Therefore there is nothing beyond the
Kshatra, and therefore at the Ragasuya sacrifice the
Brahman sits down below the Kshatriya. He confers
that glory on the Kshatra alone. But Brahman is
(nevertheless) the birth-place of the Kshatra. Therefore
though a king is exalted, he sits down at the end (of the
sacrifice) below the Brahman, as his birth-place.
He who injures him, injures his own birth-place. He
becomes worse, because he has injured one better
than himself.
He was not strong enough. He created the Vis
(people), the classes of Devas which in their
different orders are called Vasus, Rudras, Adityas, Visve
Devas, Maruts.
He was not strong enough. He created the
Sudra colour (caste), as Pushan (as nourisher). This
earth verily is Pushan (the nourisher); for the earth
nourishes all this whatsoever.
He was not strong enough. He created still
further the most excellent Law (dharma). Law is the
Kshatra (power) of the Kshatra, therefore there is nothing
higher than the Law. Thenceforth even a weak
man rules a stronger with the help of the Law, as with the
help of a king. Thus the Law is what is called
the true. And if a man declares what is true, they say he
declares the Law; and if he declares the Law,
they say he declares what is true. Thus both are the
same.
There are then this Brahman, Kshatra, Vis, and
Sudra. Among the Devas that Brahman existed
as Agni (fire) only, among men as Brahmana, as
Kshatriya through the (divine) Kshatriya, as Vaisya
through the (divine) Vaisya, as Sudra through the (divine)
Sudra. Therefore people wish for their future
state among the Devas through Agni (the sacrificial fire)
only; and among men through the Brahmana, for
in these two forms did Brahman exist.
Now if a man departs this life without having seen his true
future life (in the Self), then that Self, not
being known, does not receive and bless him, as if the
Veda had not been read, or as if a good work had
not been done. Nay, even if one who does not know that
(Self), should perform here on earth some great
holy work, it will perish for him in the end. Let a man
worship the Self only as his true state. If a man
worships the Self only as his true state, his work does not
perish, for whatever he desires that he gets from
that Self.
Now verily this Self (of the ignorant man) is the
world of all creatures. In so far as man sacrifices
and pours out libations, he is the world of the Devas; in so
far as he repeats the hymns, &c., he is the
world of the Rishis; in so far as he offers cakes to the
Fathers and tries to obtain offspring, he is the world
of the Fathers; in so far as he gives shelter and food to
men, he is the world of men; in so far as he finds
fodder and water for the animals, he is the world of the
animals; in so far as quadrupeds, birds, and even
ants live in his houses, he is their world. And as every
one wishes his own world not to be injured, thus
all beings wish that he who knows this should not be
injured. Verily this is known and has been well
reasoned.
In the beginning this was Self alone, one only.
He desired, `Let there be a wife for me that I may
have offspring, and let there be wealth for me that I may
offer sacrifices.' Verily this is the whole desire,
and, even if wishing for more, he would not find it.
Therefore now also a lonely person desires, `Let there
be a wife for me that I may have offspring, and let there
be wealth for me that I may offer sacrifices.' And
so long as he does not obtain either of these things, he
thinks he is incomplete. Now his completeness (is
made up as follows): mind is his self (husband); speech
the wife; breath the child; the eye all worldly
wealth, for he finds it with the eye; the ear his divine
wealth, for he hears it with the ear. The body
(atman) is his work, for with the body he works. This is
the fivefold sacrifice, for fivefold is the animal,
fivefold man, fivefold all this whatsoever. He who knows
this, obtains all this.

Fifth Brahmana
`When the father (of creation) had produced by
knowledge and penance (work) the seven kinds of
food, one of his (foods) was common to all beings, two he
assigned to the Devas, (1)
`Three he made for himself, one he gave to the animals.
In it all rests, whatsoever breathes and breathes
not. (2)
`Why then do these not perish, though they are always
eaten? He who knows this imperishable one, he
eats food with his face. (3)
He goes even to the Devas, he lives on strength.' (4)
When it is said, that `the father produced by
knowledge and penance the seven kinds of food,' it is
clear that (it was he who) did so. When it is said, that
`one of his (foods) was common,' then that is that
common food of his which is eaten. He who worships
(eats) that (common food), is not removed from
evil, for verily that food is mixed (property). When it is
said, that `two he assigned to the Devas,' that is
the huta, which is sacrificed in fire, and the prahuta, which
is given away at a sacrifice. But they also say,
the new-moon and full-moon sacrifices are here intended,
and therefore one should not offer them as an
ishti or with a wish.
When it is said, that `one he gave to animals,' that is milk.
For in the beginning (in their infancy) both
men and animals live on milk. And therefore they either
make a new-born child lick ghrita (butter), or
they make it take the breast. And they call a new-born
creature `atrinada,' i.e. not eating herbs. When it
is said, that `in it all rests, whatsoever breathes and
breathes not,' we see that all this, whatsoever breathes
and breathes not, rests and depends on milk.
And when it is said (in another Brahmana), that a man
who sacrifices with milk a whole year, overcomes
death again, let him not think so. No, on the very day on
which he sacrifices, on that day he overcomes
death again; for he who knows this, offers to the gods the
entire food (viz. milk).
When it is said, `Why do these not perish, though they
are always eaten,' we answer, Verily, the Person is
the imperishable, and he produces that food again and
again.
When it is said, `He who knows this imperishable one,'
then, verily, the Person is the imperishable one,
for he produces this food by repeated thought, and
whatever he does not work by his works, that perishes.
When it is said, that `he eats food with his face,' then face
means the mouth, he eats it with his mouth.
When it is said, that `he goes even to the Devas, he lives
on strength,' that is meant as praise.
When it is said, that `he made three for himself,'
that means that he made mind, speech, and breath
for himself. As people say, `My mind was elsewhere, I
did not see; my mind was elsewhere, I did not
hear,' it is clear that a man sees with his mind and hears
with his mind. Desire, representation, doubt,
faith, want of faith, memory, forgetfulness, shame,
reflexion, fear, all this is mind. Therefore even if a
man is touched on the back, he knows it through the
mind.
Whatever sound there is, that is speech. Speech indeed
is intended for an end or object, it is nothing by
itself.
The up-breathing, the down-breathing, the backbreathing, the out-breathing, the on-breathing, all that is
breathing is breath (prana) only. Verily that Self consists
of it; that Self consists of speech, mind, and
breath.
These are the three worlds: earth is speech, sky
mind, heaven breath.
These are the three Vedas: the Rig-veda is
speech, the Yagur-veda mind, the Sama-veda breath.
These are the Devas, Fathers, and men: the
Devas are speech, the Fathers mind, men breath.
These are father, mother, and child: the father is
mind, the mother speech, the child breath.
These are what is known, what is to be known,
and what is unknown.
What is known, has the form of speech, for speech is
known. Speech, having become this, protects man.
What is to be known, has the form of mind, for
mind is what is to be known. Mind, having
become this, protects man.
What is unknown, has the form of breath, for
breath is unknown. Breath, having become this,
protects man.
Of that speech (which is the food of Pragapati)
earth is the body, light the form, viz. this fire.
And so far as speech extends, so far extends the earth,
so far extends fire.
Next, of this mind heaven is the body, light the
form, viz. this sun. And so far as this mind
extends, so far extends heaven, so far extends the sun.
If they (fire and sun) embrace each other, then
wind is born, and that is Indra, and he is without a rival.
Verily a second is a rival, and he who knows
this, has no rival.
Next, of this breath water is the body, light the
form, viz. this moon. And so far as this breath
extends, so far extends water, so far extends the moon.
These are all alike, all endless. And he who worships
them as finite, obtains a finite world, but he who
worships them as infinite, obtains an infinite world.
That Pragapati is the year, and he consists of
sixteen digits. The nights indeed are his fifteen
digits, the fixed point his sixteenth digit. He is increased
and decreased by the nights. Having on the
new-moon night entered with the sixteenth part into
everything that has life, he is thence born again in
the morning. Therefore let no one cut off the life of any
living thing on that night, not even of a lizard, in
honour (pugartham) of that deity.
Now verily that Pragapati, consisting of sixteen
digits, who is the year, is the same as a man who
knows this. His wealth constitutes the fifteen digits, his
Self the sixteenth digit. He is increased and
decreased by that wealth. His Self is the nave, his wealth
the felly. Therefore even if he loses everything,
if he lives but with his Self, people say, he lost the felly
(which can be restored again).
Next there are verily three worlds, the world of
men, the world of the Fathers, the world of the
Devas. The world of men can be gained by a son only,
not by any other work. By sacrifice the world of
the Fathers, by knowledge the world of the Devas is
gained. The world of the Devas is the best of worlds,
therefore they praise knowledge.
Next follows the handing over. When a man
thinks he is going to depart, he says to his son:
`Thou art Brahman (the Veda, so far as acquired by the
father); thou art the sacrifice (so far as performed
by the father); thou art the world.' The son answers: `I am
Brahman, I am the sacrifice, I am the world.'
Whatever has been learnt (by the father) that, taken as
one, is Brahman. Whatever sacrifices there are,
they, taken as one, are the sacrifice. Whatever worlds
there are, they, taken as one, are the world. Verily
here ends this (what has to be done by a father, viz.
study, sacrifice, &c.) `He (the son), being all this,
preserved me from this world,' thus he thinks. Therefore
they call a son who is instructed (to do all this),
a world-son (lokya), and therefore they instruct him.
When a father who knows this, departs this world, then he
enters into his son together with his own spirits
(with speech, mind, and breath). If there is anything done
amiss by the father, of all that the son delivers
him, and therefore he is called Putra, son. By help of his
son the father stands firm in this world. Then
these divine immortal spirits (speech, mind, and breath)
enter into him.spirits, possession
From the earth and from fire, divine speech
enters into him. And verily that is divine speech
whereby, whatever he says, comes to be.
From heaven and the sun, divine mind enters into
him. And verily that is divine mind whereby
he becomes joyful, and grieves no more.
From water and the moon, divine breath (spirit)
enters into him. And verily that is divine breath
which, whether moving or not moving, does not tire, and
therefore does not perish. He who knows this,
becomes the Self of all beings. As that deity
(Hiranyagarbha) is, so does he become. And as all
beings
honour that deity (with sacrifice, &c.), so do all beings
honour him who knows this.
Whatever grief these creatures suffer, that is all one (and
therefore disappears). Only what is good
approaches him; verily, evil does not approach the
Devas.
Next follows the consideration of the
observances (acts). Pragapati created the actions (active
senses). When they had been created, they strove
among themselves. Voice held, I shall speak; the eye
held, I shall see; the ear held, I shall hear; and thus the
other actions too, each according to its own act.
Death, having become weariness, took them and seized
them. Having seized them, death held them back
(from their work). Therefore speech grows weary, the eye
grows weary, the ear grows weary. But death
did not seize the central breath. Then the others tried to
know him, and said: `Verily, he is the best of us,
he who, whether moving or not, does not tire and does
not perish. Well, let all of us assume his form.'
Thereupon they all assumed his form, and therefore they
are called after him `breaths' (spirits).
In whatever family there is a man who knows this, they
call that family after his name. And he who
strives with one who knows this, withers away and finally
dies. So far with regard to the body.
Now with regard to the deities.
Agni (fire) held, I shall burn; Aditya (the sun) held, I shall
warm; Kandramas (the moon) held, I shall
shine; and thus also the other deities, each according to
the deity. And as it was with the central breath
among the breaths, so it was with Vayu, the wind among
those deities. The other deities fade, not Vayu.
Vayu is the deity that never sets.
And here there is this Sloka:
`He from whom the sun rises, and into whom it sets' (he
verily rises from the breath, and sets in the
breath)
`Him the Devas made the law, he only is to-day, and he
to-morrow also' (whatever these Devas
determined then, that they perform to-day also).
Therefore let a man perform one observance only, let him
breathe up and let him breathe down, that the
evil death may not reach him. And when he performs it,
let him try to finish it. Then he obtains through
it union and oneness with that deity (with prana).

Sixth Brahmana
Verily this is a triad, name, form, and work. Of
these names, that which is called Speech is the
Uktha (hymn, supposed to mean also origin), for from it all
names arise. It is their Saman (song,
supposed to mean also sameness), for it is the same as
all names. It is their Brahman (prayer, supposed to
mean also support), for it supports all names.
Next, of the forms, that which is called Eye is the
Uktha (hymn), for from it all forms arise. It is
their Saman (song), for it is the same as all forms. It is
their Brahman (prayer), for it supports all forms.
Next, of the works, that which is called Body is the
Uktha (hymn), for from it all works arise. It is
their Saman (song), for it is the same as all works. It is
their Brahman (prayer), for it supports all works.
That being a triad is one, viz. this Self; and the Self, being
one, is that triad. This is the immortal,
covered by the true. Verily breath is the immortal, name
and form are the true, and by them the immortal
is covered.
Second Adhyaya

First Brahmana
There was formerly the proud Gargya Balaki, a
man of great reading. He said to Agatasatru of
Kasi, `Shall I tell you Brahman?' Agatasatru said: `We
give a thousand (cows) for that speech (of yours),
for verily all people run away, saying, Ganaka (the king of
Mithila) is our father (patron).'
Gargya said: `The person that is in the sun, that I
adore as Brahman.' Agatasatru said to him: `No,
no! Do not speak to me on this. I adore him verily as the
supreme, the head of all beings, the king.
Whoso adores him thus, becomes supreme, the head of
all beings, a king.'
Gargya said: `The person that is in the moon (and
in the mind), that I adore as Brahman.'
Agatasatru said to him: `No, no! Do not speak to me on
this. I adore him verily as the great, clad in
white raiment, as Soma, the king.' Whoso adores him
thus, Soma is poured out and poured forth for him
day by day, and his food does not fail.
Gargya said: `The person that is in the lightning
(and in the heart), that I adore as Brahman.'
Agatasatru said to him: `No, no! Do not speak to me on
this. I adore him verily as the luminous.' Whoso
adores him thus, becomes luminous, and his offspring
becomes luminous.
Gargya said: `The person that is in the ether (and
in the ether of the heart), that I adore as
Brahman.' Agatasatru said to him: `No, no! Do not speak
to me on this. I adore him as what is full, and
quiescent.' Whoso adores him thus, becomes filled with
offspring and cattle, and his offspring does not
cease from this world.
Gargya said: `The person that is in the wind (and
in the breath), that I adore as Brahman.'
Agatasatru said to him: `No, no! Do not speak to me on
this. I adore him as Indra Vaikuntha, as the
unconquerable army (of the Maruts).' Whoso adores him
thus, becomes victorious, unconquerable,
conquering his enemies.
Gargya said: `The person that is in the fire (and in
the heart), that I adore as Brahman.'
Agatasatru said to him: `No, no! Do not speak to me on
this. I adore him as powerful.' Whoso adores
him thus, becomes powerful, and his offspring becomes
powerful.
Gargya said: `The person that is in the water (in
seed, and in the heart), that I adore as Brahman.'
Agatasatru said to him: `No, no! Do not speak to me on
this. I adore him as likeness.' Whoso adores him
thus, to him comes what is likely (or proper), not what is
improper; what is born from him, is like unto
him.
Gargya said: `The person that is in the mirror, that
I adore as Brahman.' Agatasatru said to him:
`No, no! Do not speak to me on this. I adore him verily
as the brilliant.' Whoso adores him thus, he
becomes brilliant, his offspring becomes brilliant, and with
whomsoever he comes together, he outshines
them.
Gargya said: `The sound that follows a man while
he moves, that I adore as Brahman.'
Agatasatru said to him: `No, no! Do not speak to me on
this. I adore him verily as life.' Whoso adores
him thus, he reaches his full age in this world, breath
does not leave him before the time.
Gargya said: `The person that is in space, that I
adore as Brahman.' Agatasatru said to him: `No,
no! Do not speak to me on this. I adore him verily as the
second who never leaves us.' Whoso adores
him thus, becomes possessed of a second, his party is
not cut off from him.
Gargya said: `The person that consists of the
shadow, that I adore as Brahman.' Agatasatru said
to him: `No, no! Do not speak to me on this. I adore him
verily as death.' Whoso adores him thus, he
reaches his whole age in this world, death does not
approach him before the time.
Gargya said: `The person that is in the body, that
I adore as Brahman.' Agatasatru said to him:
`No, no! Do not speak to me on this. I adore him verily
as embodied.' Whoso adores him thus, becomes
embodied, and his offspring becomes embodied.
Then Gargya became silent.
Agatasatru said: `Thus far only?' `Thus far only,'
he replied. Agatasatru said: `This does not
suffice to know it (the true Brahman).' Gargya replied:
`Then let me come to you, as a pupil.'
Agatasatru said: `Verily, it is unnatural that a
Brahmana should come to a Kshatriya, hoping that
he should tell him the Brahman. However, I shall make
you know him clearly,' thus saying he took him
by the hand and rose.
And the two together came to a person who was asleep.
He called him by these names, `Thou, great one,
clad in white raiment, Soma, King.' He did not rise. Then
rubbing him with his hand, he woke him, and
he arose.
Agatasatru said: `When this man was thus
asleep, where was then the person (purusha), the
intelligent? and from whence did he thus come back?'
Gargya did not know this?
Agatasatru said: `When this man was thus
asleep, then the intelligent person (purusha), having
through the intelligence of the senses (pranas) absorbed
within himself all intelligence, lies in the ether,
which is in the heart. When he takes in these different
kinds of intelligence, then it is said that the man
sleeps (svapiti). Then the breath is kept in, speech is
kept in, the ear is kept in, the eye is kept in, the
mind is kept in.
But when he moves about in sleep (and dream),
then these are his worlds. He is, as it were, a
great king; he is, as it were, a great Brahmana; he rises,
as it were, and he falls. And as a great king
might keep in his own subjects, and move about,
according to his pleasure, within his own domain, thus
does that person (who is endowed with intelligence) keep
in the various senses (pranas) and move about,
according to his pleasure, within his own body (while
dreaming).
Next, when he is in profound sleep, and knows
nothing, there are the seventy-two thousand
arteries called Hita, which from the heart spread through
the body. Through them he moves forth and
rests in the surrounding body. And as a young man, or a
great king, or a great Brahmana, having reached
the summit of happiness, might rest, so does he then
rest.
As the spider comes out with its thread, or as
small sparks come forth from fire, thus do all
senses, all worlds, all Devas, all beings come forth from
that Self. The Upanishad (the true name and
doctrine) of that Self is `the True of the True.' Verily the
senses are the true, and he is the true of the true.

Second Brahmana
Verily he who knows the babe with his place, his
chamber, his post, and his rope, he keeps off the
seven relatives who hate him. Verily by the young is
meant the inner life, by his place this (body), by his
chamber this (head), by his post the vital breath, by his
rope the food.
Then the seven imperishable ones approach him.
There are the red lines in the eye, and by them
Rudra clings to him. There is the water in the eye, and by
it Parganya clings to him. There is the pupil,
and by it Aditya (sun) clings to him. There is the dark iris,
and by it Agni clings to him. There is the
white eye-ball, and by it Indra clings to him. With the
lower eye-lash the earth, with the upper eye-lash
the heaven clings to him. He who knows this, his food
does never perish.
On this there is this Sloka:
`There is a cup having its mouth below and its bottom
above. Manifold glory has been placed into it. On
its lip sit the seven Rishis, the tongue as the eighth
communicates with Brahman.' What is called the cup
having its mouth below and its bottom above is this head,
for its mouth (the mouth) is below, its bottom
(the skull) is above. When it is said that manifold glory
has been placed into it, the senses verily are
manifold glory, and he therefore means the senses.
When he says that the seven Rishis sit on its lip, the
Rishis are verily the (active) senses, and he means the
senses. And when he says that the tongue as the
eighth communicates with Brahman, it is because the
tongue, as the eighth, does communicate with
Brahman.
These two (the two ears) are the Rishis Gautama
and Bharadvaga; the right Gautama, the left
Bharadvaga. These two (the eyes) are the Rishis
Visvamitra and Gamadagni; the right Visvamitra, the
left Gamadagni. These two (the nostrils) are the Rishis
Vasishtha and Kasyapa; the right Vasishtha, the
left Kasyapa. The tongue is Atri, for with the tongue food
is eaten, and Atri is meant for Atti, eating. He
who knows this, becomes an eater of everything, and
everything becomes his food.

Third Brahmana
There are two forms of Brahman, the material and
the immaterial, the mortal and the immortal,
the solid and the fluid, sat (being) and tya (that), (i.e. sattya, true).
Everything except air and sky is material, is mortal,
is solid, is definite. The essence of that which
is material, which is mortal, which is solid, which is
definite is the sun that shines, for he is the essence of
sat (the definite).
But air and sky are immaterial, are immortal, are
fluid, are indefinite. The essence of that which is
immaterial, which is immortal, which is fluid, which is
indefinite is the person in the disk of the sun, for
he is the essence of tyad (the indefinite). So far with
regard to the Devas.
Now with regard to the body. Everything except
the breath and the ether within the body is
material, is mortal, is solid, is definite. The essence of
that which is material, which is mortal, which is
solid, which is definite is the Eye, for it is the essence of
sat (the definite).
But breath and the ether within the body are
immaterial, are immortal, are fluid, are indefinite.
The essence of that which is immaterial, which is
immortal, which is fluid, which is indefinite is the
person in the right eye, for he is the essence of tyad (the
indefinite).
And what is the appearance of that person? Like
a saffron-coloured raiment, like white wool, like
cochineal, like the flame of fire, like the white lotus, like
sudden lightning. He who knows this, his glory
is like unto sudden lightning.
Next follows the teaching (of Brahman) by No, no! for
there is nothing else higher than this (if one says):
`It is not so.' Then comes the name `the True of the
True,' the senses being the True, and he (the
Brahman) the True of them.

Fourth Brahmana
Now when Yagnavalkya was going to enter upon
another state, he said: `Maitreyi, verily I am
going away from this my house (into the forest).
Forsooth, let me make a settlement between thee and
that Katyayani (my other wife).'
Maitreyi said: `My Lord, if this whole earth, full of
wealth, belonged to me, tell me, should I be
immortal by it?'
`No,' replied Yagnavalkya; `like the life of rich people will
be thy life. But there is no hope of immortality
by wealth.'
And Maitreyi said: `What should I do with that by
which I do not become immortal? What my
Lord knoweth (of immortality), tell that to me'.
Yagnavalkya replied: `Thou who art truly dear to
me, thou speakest dear words. Come, sit down, I
will explain it to thee, and mark well what I say.'
And he said: `Verily, a husband is not dear, that
you may love the husband; but that you may love
the Self, therefore a husband is dear.
`Verily, a wife is not dear, that you may love the wife; but
that you may love the Self, therefore a wife is
dear.
`Verily, sons are not dear, that you may love the sons; but
that you may love the Self, therefore sons are
dear.
`Verily, wealth is not dear, that you may love wealth; but
that you may love the Self, therefore wealth is
dear.
`Verily, the Brahman-class is not dear, that you may love
the Brahman-class; but that you may love the
Self, therefore the Brahman-class is dear.
`Verily, the Kshatra-class is not dear, that you may love
the Kshatra-class; but that you may love the Self,
therefore the Kshatra-class is dear.
`Verily, the worlds are not dear, that you may love the
worlds; but that you may love the Self, therefore the
worlds are dear.
`Verily, the Devas are not dear, that you may love the
Devas; but that you may love the Self, therefore the
Devas are dear.
`Verily, creatures are not dear, that you may love the
creatures; but that you may love the Self, therefore
are creatures dear.
`Verily, everything is not dear that you may love
everything; but that you may love the Self, therefore
everything is dear.
`Verily, the Self is to be seen, to be heard, to be
perceived, to be marked, O Maitreyi! When we see, hear,
perceive, and know the Self, then all this is known.
`Whosoever looks for the Brahman-class
elsewhere than in the Self, was abandoned by the
Brahman-class. Whosoever looks for the Kshatra-class
elsewhere than in the Self, was abandoned by the
Kshatra-class. Whosoever looks for the worlds elsewhere
than in the Self, was abandoned by the worlds.
Whosoever looks for the Devas elsewhere than in the
Self, was abandoned by the Devas. Whosoever looks
for creatures elsewhere than in the Self, was abandoned
by the creatures. Whosoever looks for anything
elsewhere than in the Self, was abandoned by everything.
This Brahman-class, this Kshatra-class, these
worlds, these Devas, these creatures, this everything, all
is that Self.
`Now as the sounds of a drum, when beaten,
cannot be seized externally (by themselves), but the
sound is seized, when the drum is seized or the beater of
the drum;
`And as the sounds of a conch-shell, when blown,
cannot be seized externally (by themselves), but
the sound is seized, when the shell is seized or the
blower of the shell;
`And as the sounds of a lute, when played, cannot
be seized externally (by themselves), but the
sound is seized, when the lute is seized or the player of
the lute;
`As clouds of smoke proceed by themselves out
of a lighted fire kindled with damp fuel, thus,
verily, O Maitreyi, has been breathed forth from this great
Being what we have as Rig-veda, Yagur-veda,
Sama-veda, Atharvangirasas, Itihasa (legends), Purana
(cosmogonies), Vidya (knowledge), the
Upanishads, Slokas (verses), Sutras (prose rules),
Anuvyakhyanas (glosses), Vyakhyanas (commentaries).
From him alone all these were breathed forth.
`As all waters find their centre in the sea, all
touches in the skin, all tastes in the tongue, all
smells in the nose, all colours in the eye, all sounds in the
ear, all percepts in the mind, all knowledge in
the heart, all actions in the hands, all movements in the
feet, and all the Vedas in speech,
`As a lump of salt, when thrown into water,
becomes dissolved into water, and could not be taken
out again, but wherever we taste (the water) it is salt,
thus verily, O Maitreyi, does this great Being,
endless, unlimited, consisting of nothing but knowledge,
rise from out these elements, and vanish again in
them. When he has departed, there is no more
knowledge (name), I say, O Maitreyi.'Thus spoke
Yagnavalkya.
Then Maitreyi said: `Here thou hast bewildered
me, Sir, when thou sayest that having departed,
there is no more knowledge.'
But Yagnavalkya replied: `O Maitreyi, I say nothing that is
bewildering. This is enough, O beloved, for
wisdom.
`For when there is as it were duality, then one sees the
other, one smells the other, one hears the other,
one salutes the other, one perceives the other, one
knows the other; but when the Self only is all this, how
should he smell another, how should he see another, how
should he hear another, how should he salute
another, how should he perceive another, how should he
know another?_ How should he know Him by
whom he knows all this? How, O beloved should he
know (himself), the Knower?'

Fifth Brahmana
This earth is the honey (madhu, the effect) of all
beings, and all beings are the honey (madhu, the
effect) of this earth. Likewise this bright, immortal person
in this earth, and that bright immortal person
incorporated in the body (both are madhu). He indeed is
the same as that Self, that Immortal, that
Brahman, that All.
This water is the honey of all beings, and all
beings are the honey of this water. Likewise this
bright, immortal person in this water, and that bright,
immortal person, existing as seed in the body (both
are madhu). He indeed is the same as that Self, that
Immortal, that Brahman, that All.
This fire is the honey of all beings, and all beings
are the honey of this fire. Likewise this bright,
immortal person in this fire, and that bright, immortal
person, existing as speech in the body (both are
madhu). He indeed is the same as that Self, that
Immortal, that Brahman, that All.
This air is the honey of all beings, and all beings
are the honey of this air. Likewise this bright,
immortal person in this air, and that bright, immortal
person existing as breath in the body (both are
madhu). He indeed is the same as that Self, that
Immortal, that Brahman, that All.
This sun is the honey of all beings, and all beings
are the honey of this sun. Likewise this bright,
immortal person in this sun, and that bright, immortal
person existing as the eye in the body (both are
madhu). He indeed is the same as that Self, that
Immortal, that Brahman, that All.
This space (disah, the quarters) is the honey of all
beings, and all beings are the honey of this
space. Likewise this bright, immortal person in this
space, and that bright, immortal person existing as
the ear in the body (both are madhu). He indeed is the
same as that Self, that Immortal, that Brahman,
that All.
This moon is the honey of all beings, and all
beings are the honey of this moon. Likewise this
bright, immortal person in this moon, and that bright,
immortal person existing as mind in the body (both
are madhu). He indeed is the same as that Self, that
Immortal, that Brahman, that All.
This lightning is the honey of all beings, and all
beings are the honey of this lightning. Likewise
this bright, immortal person in this lightning, and that
bright, immortal person existing as light in the
body (both are madhu). He indeed is the same as that
Self, that Immortal, that Brahman, that All.
This thunder is the honey of all beings, and all
beings are the honey of this thunder. Likewise this
bright, immortal person in this thunder, and that bright,
immortal person existing as sound and voice in
the body (both are madhu). He indeed is the same as
that Self, that Immortal, that Brahman, that All.
This ether is the honey of all beings, and all
beings are the honey of this ether. Likewise this
bright, immortal person in this ether, and that bright,
immortal person existing as heart-ether in the body
(both are madhu). He indeed is the same as that Self,
that Immortal, that Brahman, that All.
This law (dharmah) is the honey of all beings,
and all beings are the honey of this law. Likewise
this bright, immortal person in this law, and that bright,
immortal person existing as law in the body (both
are madhu). He indeed is the same as that Self, that
Immortal, that Brahman, that All.
This true (satyam) is the honey of all beings, and
all beings are the honey of this true. Likewise
this bright, immortal person in what is true, and that
bright, immortal person existing as the true in the
body (both are madhu). He indeed is the same as that
Self, that Immortal, that Brahman, that All.
This mankind is the honey of all beings, and all
beings are the honey of this mankind. Likewise
this bright, immortal person in mankind, and that bright,
immortal person existing as man in the body
(both are madhu). He indeed is the same as that Self,
that Immortal, that Brahman, that All.
This Self is the honey of all beings, and all beings
are the honey of this Self. Likewise this bright,
immortal person in this Self, and that bright, immortal
person, the Self (both are madhu). He indeed is
the same as that Self, that Immortal, that Brahman, that
All.
And verily this Self is the lord of all beings, the
king of all beings. And as all spokes are
contained in the axle and in the felly of a wheel, all
beings, and all those selfs (of the earth, water, &c.)
are contained in that Self.
Verily Dadhyak Atharvana proclaimed this honey
(the madhu-vidya) to the two Asvins, and a
Rishi, seeing this, said (Rv. I, 116, 12):
`O ye two heroes (Asvins), I make manifest that fearful
deed of yours (which you performed) for the sake
of gain, like as thunder makes manifest the rain. The
honey (madhu-vidya) which Dadhyak Atharvana
proclaimed to you through the head of a horse,'...
Verily Dadhyak Atharvana proclaimed this honey
to the two Asvins, and a Rishi, seeing this, said
(Rv. I, 117, 22):
`O Asvins, you fixed a horse's head on Atharvana
Dadhyak, and he, wishing to be true (to his promise),
proclaimed to you the honey, both that of Tvashtri and
that which is to be your secret, O ye strong ones.'
Verily Dadhyak Atharvana proclaimed this honey
to the two Asvins, and a Rishi, seeing this,
said:
`He (the Lord) made bodies with two feet, he made
bodies with four feet. Having first become a bird, he
entered the bodies as purusha (as the person).' This very
purusha is in all bodies the purisaya, i.e. he who
lies in the body (and is therefore called purusha). There
is nothing that is not covered by him, nothing
that is not filled by him.
Verily Dadhyak Atharvana proclaimed this honey
to the two Asvins, and a Rishi, seeing this, said
(Rv. VI, 47, 18):
`He (the Lord) became like unto every form, and this is
meant to reveal the (true) form of him (the
Atman). Indra (the Lord) appears multiform through the
Mayas (appearances), for his horses (senses) are
yoked, hundreds and ten.'
This (Atman) is the horses, this (Atman) is the ten, and
the thousands, many and endless. This is the
Brahman, without cause and without effect, without
anything inside or outside; this Self is Brahman,
omnipresent and omniscient. This is the teaching (of the
Upanishads).

Sixth Brahmana
Now follows the stem:
Pautimashya from Gaupavana,
Gaupavana from Pautimashya,
Pautimashya from Gaupavana,
Gaupavana from Kausika,
Kausika from Kaufaundinya,
Kaundinya from Sandilya,
Sandilya from Kausika and Gautama,
Gautama
from Agnivesya,
Agnivesya from Sandilya and Anabhimlata,
Sandilya and Anabhimlata from Anabhimlata,
Anabhimlata from Anabhimlata,
Anabhimlata from Gautama,
Gautama from Saitava and Prakinayogya,
Saitava and Prakinayogya from Parasarya,
Parasarya from Bharadvaga,
Bharadvaga from Bharadvaga and Gautama,
Gautama from Bharadvaga,
Bharadvaga from Parasarya,
Parasarya from Vaigavapayana,
Vaigavapayana from Kausikayani,
Kausikayani
from Ghritakausika,
Ghritakausika from Parasaryayana,
Parasaryayana from Parasarya,
Parasarya from Gatukarnya,
Gatukarnya from Asurayana and Yaska,
Asurayana and Yaska from Traivani,
Traivani from Aupagandhani,
Aupagandhani from Asuri,
Asuri from Bharadvaga,
Bharadvaga from Atreya,
Atreya from Manti,
Manti from Gautama,
Gautama from Gautama,
Gautama from Vatsya,
Vatsya from Sandilya,
Sandilya from Kaisorya Kapya,
Kaisorya Kapya from Kumaraharita,
Kumaraharita from Galava,
Galava from Vidarbhi-kaundinya,
Vidarbhi-kaundinya from Vatsanapat Babhrava,
Vatsanapat Babhrava from Pathi Saubhara,
Pathi Saubhara from Ayasya Angirasa,
Ayasya Angirasa from Abhuti Tvashtra,
Abhuti Tvashtra from Visvarupa Tvashtra,
Visvarupa Tvashtra from Asvinau,
Asvinau from Dadhyak Atharvana,
Dadhyak Atharvana from Atharvan Daiva,
Atharvan Daiva from Mrityu Pradhvamsana,
Mrityu Pradhvamsana from Pradhvamsana,
Pradhvamsana from Ekarshi,
Ekarshi from Viprakitti,
Viprakitti from Vyashti,
Vyashti from Sanaru,
Sanaru from Sanatana,
Sanatana from Sanaga,
Sanaga from Parameshthin,
Parameshthin from Brahman,
Brahman is Svayambhu, self-existent.
Adoration to Brahman.
Third Adhyaya

First Brahmana
Adoration to the Highest Self (Paramatman)!
Ganaka Vaideha (the king of the Videhas)
sacrificed with a sacrifice at which many presents were
offered to the priests of (the Asvamedha). Brahmanas of
the Kurus and the Pankalas had come thither,
and Ganaka Vaideha wished to know, which of those
Brahmanas was the best read. So he enclosed a
thousand cows, and ten padas (of gold) were fastened to
each pair of horns.
And Ganaka spoke to them: `Ye venerable
Brahmanas, he who among you is the wisest, let him
drive away these cows.'
Then those Brahmanas durst not, but Yagnavalkya said
to his pupil: `Drive them away, my dear.'
He replied: `O glory of the Saman,' and drove them away.
The Brahmanas became angry and said: `How could he
call himself the wisest among us?'
Now there was Asvala, the Hotri priest of Ganaka
Vaideha. He asked him: `Are you indeed the wisest
among us, O Yagnavalkya?' He replied: `I bow before the
wisest (the best knower of Brahman), but I wish
indeed to have these cows.'
Then Asvala, the Hotri priest, undertook to question him.
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `everything here
(connected with the sacrifice) is reached by death,
everything is overcome by death. By what means then is
the sacrificer freed beyond the reach of death?'
Yagnavalkya said: `By the Hotri priest, who is Agni (fire),
who is speech. For speech is the Hotri of the
sacrifice (or the sacrificer), and speech is Agni, and he is
the Hotri. This constitutes freedom, and perfect
freedom (from death).'
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `everything here is
reached by day and night, everything is overcome by
day and night. By what means then is the sacrificer freed
beyond the reach of day and night?'
Yagnavalkya said: `By the Adhvaryu priest, who is the
eye, who is Aditya (the sun). For the eye is the
Adhvaryu of the sacrifice, and the eye is the sun, and he
is the Adhvaryu. This constitutes freedom, and
perfect freedom.'
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `everything here is
reached by the waxing and waning of the moon,
everything is overcome by the waxing and waning of the
moon. By what means then is the sacrificer
freed beyond the reach of the waxing and waning of the
moon?'
Yagnavalkya said: `By the Udgatri priest, who is Vayu
(the wind), who is the breath. For the breath is the
Udgatri of the sacrifice, and the breath is the wind, and he
is the Udgatri. This constitutes freedom, and
perfect freedom.'
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `this sky is, as it were,
without an ascent (staircase.) By what approach
does the sacrificer approach the Svarga world?'
Yagnavalkya said: `By the Brahman priest, who is the
mind (manas), who is the moon. For the mind is
the Brahman of the sacrifice, and the mind is the moon,
and he is the Brahman. This constitutes freedom,
and perfect freedom. These are the complete
deliverances (from death).'
Next follow the achievements.
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `how many Rik verses will
the Hotri priest employ to-day at this sacrifice?'
`Three,' replied Yagnavalkya.
`And what are these three?'
`Those which are called Puronuvakya, Yagya, and,
thirdly, Sasya.'
`What does he gain by them?'
`All whatsoever has breath.'
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `how many oblations
(ahuti) will the Adhvaryu priest employ to-day at this
sacrifice?'
`Three,' replied Yagnavalkya.
`And what are these three?'
`Those which, when offered, flame up; those which, when
offered, make an excessive noise; and those
which, when offered, sink down.'`What does he gain by
them?'
`By those which, when offered, flame up, he gains the
Deva (god) world, for the Deva world flames up, as
it were. By those which, when offered, make an
excessive noise, he gains the Pitri (father) world, for the
Pitri world is excessively (noisy). By those which, when
offered, sink down, he gains the Manushya
(man) world, for the Manushya world is, as it were, down
below.'
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `with how many deities
does the Brahman priest on the right protect to-day
this sacrifice?'
`By one,' replied Yagnavalkya.
`And which is it?'
`The mind alone; for the mind is endless, and the
Visvedevas are endless, and he thereby gains the
endless
world.'
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `how many Stotriya
hymns will the Udgatri priest employ to-day at this
sacrifice?'
`Three,' replied Yagnavalkya.
`And what are these three?'
`Those which are called Puronuvakya, Yagya, and,
thirdly, Sasya.'
`And what are these with regard to the body
(adhyatmam)?'
`The Puronuvakya is Prana (up-breathing), the Yagya the
Apana (down-breathing), the Sasya the Vyana
(back-breathing).'
`What does he gain by them?'
`He gains the earth by the Puronuvakya, the sky by the
Yagya, heaven by the Sasya.'
After that Asvala held his peace.

Second Brahmana
Then Garatkarava Artabhaga asked.
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `how many Grahas are there, and
how many Atigrahas?'
`Eight Grahas,' he replied, `and eight Atigrahas.'
`And what are these eight Grahas and eight Atigrahas?'
`Prana (breath) is one Graha, and that is seized by
Apana (down-breathing) as the Atigraha, for
one smells with the Apana.'
`Speech (vak) is one Graha, and that is seized by
name (naman) as the Atigraha, for with speech
one pronounces names.'
`The tongue is one Graha, and that is seized by
taste as the Atigraha, for with the tongue one
perceives tastes.'
`The eye is one Graha, and that is seized by form
as the Atigraha, for with the eye one sees forms.'
`The ear is one Graha, and that is seized by sound
as the Atigraha, for with the ear one hears
sounds.'
`The mind is one Graha, and that is seized by
desire as the Atigraha, for with the mind one desires
desires.'
`The arms are one Graha, and these are seized by
work as the Atigraha, for with the arms one
works work.'
`The skin is one Graha, and that is seized by touch
as the Atigraha, for with the skin one perceives
touch. These are the eight Grahas and the eight
Atigrahas.'
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `everything is the food of
death. What then is the deity to whom death is
food?'
`Fire (agni) is death, and that is the food of water. Death
is conquered again.'
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `when such a person (a
sage) dies, do the vital breaths (pranas) move out
of him or no?'
`No,' replied Yagnavalkya; `they are gathered up in him,
he swells, he is inflated, and thus inflated the
dead lies at rest.'
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `when such a man dies,
what does not leave him?'
`The name,' he replied; `for the name is endless, the
Visvedevas are endless, and by it he gains the endless
world.'
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `when the speech of this
dead person enters into the fire, breath into the
air, the eye into the sun, the mind into the moon, the
hearing into space, into the earth the body, into the
ether the self, into the shrubs the hairs of the body, into
the trees the hairs of the head, when the blood and
the seed are deposited in the water, where is then that
person?'
Yagnavalkya said: `Take my hand, my friend. We two
alone shall know of this; let this question of ours
not be (discussed) in public.' Then these two went out
and argued, and what they said was karman
(work), what they praised was karman, viz. that a man
becomes good by good work, and bad by bad work.
After that Garatkarava Artabhaga held his peace.

Third Brahmana
Then Bhugyu Lahyayani asked. `Yagnavalkya,' he
said, `we wandered about as students, and came
to the house of Patankala Kapya. He had a daughter
who was possessed by a Gandharva. We asked him,
`Who art thou?' and he (the Gandharva) replied: `I am
Sudhanvan, the Angirasa.' And when we asked
him about the ends of the world, we said to him, `Where
were the Parikshitas? Where then were the
Parikshitas, I ask thee, Yagnavalkya, where were the
Parikshitas?'
Yagnavalkya said: `He said to thee, I suppose,
that they went where those go who have performed
a horse-sacrifice.'
He said: `And where do they go who have performed a
horse-sacrifice?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Thirty-two journeys of the car of the
sun is this world. The earth surrounds it on
every side, twice as large, and the ocean surrounds this
earth on every side, twice as large. Now there is
between them a space as large as the edge of a razor or
the wing of a mosquito. Indra, having become a
bird, handed them (through the space) to Vayu (the air),
and Vayu (the air), holding them within himself,
conveyed them to where they dwell who have performed
a horse-sacrifice. Somewhat in this way did he
praise Vayu indeed. Therefore Vayu (air) is everything by
itself, and Vayu is all things together. He who
knows this, conquers death.' After that Bhugyu
Lahyayani held his peace.

Fourth Brahmana
Then Ushasta Kakrayana asked. `Yagnavalkya,'
he said, `tell me the Brahman which is visible,
not invisible, the Self (atman), who is within all.'
Yagnavalkya replied: `This, thy Self, who is within all.'
`Which Self, O Yagnavalkya, is within all?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `He who breathes in the upbreathing, he is thy Self, and within all. He who
breathes in the down-breathing, he is thy Self, and within
all. He who breathes in the on-breathing, he is
thy Self, and within all. He who breathes in the outbreathing, he is thy Self, and within all. This is thy
Self, who is within all.'
Ushasta Kakrayana said: `As one might say, this is
a cow, this is a horse, thus has this been
explained by thee. Tell me the Brahman which is visible,
not invisible, the Self, who is within all.'
Yagnavalkya replied: `This, thy Self, who is within all.'
`Which Self, O Yagnavalkya, is within all?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Thou couldst not see the (true)
seer of sight, thou couldst not hear the (true) hearer
of hearing, nor perceive the perceiver of perception, nor
know the knower of knowledge. This is thy Self,
who is within all. Everything also is of evil.' After that
Ushasta Kakrayana held his peace.

Fifth Brahmana
Then Kahola Kaushitakeya asked. `Yagnavalkya,'
he said, `tell me the Brahman which is visible,
not invisible, the Self (atman), who is within all.'
Yagnavalkya replied: `This, thy Self, who is within all.'
`Which Self, O Yagnavalkya, is within all?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `He who overcomes hunger and
thirst, sorrow, passion, old age, and death. When
Brahmanas know that Self, and have risen above the
desire for sons, wealth, and (new) worlds, they
wander about as mendicants. For a desire for sons is
desire for wealth, a desire for wealth is desire for
worlds. Both these are indeed desires. Therefore let a
Brahmana, after he has done with learning, wish to
stand by real strength; after he has done with that
strength and learning, he becomes a Muni (a Yogin);
and after he has done with what is not the knowledge of a
Muni, and with what is the knowledge of a
Muni, he is a Brahmana. By whatever means he has
become a Brahmana, he is such indeed. Everything
else is of evil.' After that Kahola Kaushitakeya held his
peace.

Sixth Brahmana
Then Gargi Vakaknavi asked. `Yagnavalkya,' she
said, `everything here is woven, like warp and
woof, in water. What then is that in which water is woven,
like warp and woof?'
`In air, O Gargi,' he replied.
`In what then is air woven, like warp and woof?'
`In the worlds of the sky, O Gargi,' he replied.
`In what then are the worlds of the sky woven, like warp
and woof?'
`In the worlds of the Gandharvas, O Gargi,' he replied.
`In what then are the worlds of the Gandharvas woven,
like warp and woof?'
`In the worlds of Aditya (sun), O Gargi,' he replied.
`In what then are the worlds of Aditya (sun) woven, like
warp and woof?'
`In the worlds of Kandra (moon), O Gargi,' he replied.
`In what then are the worlds of Kandra (moon) woven, like
warp and woof?'
`In the worlds of the Nakshatras (stars), O Gargi,' he
replied.
`In what then are the worlds of the Nakshatras (stars)
woven, like warp and woof?'
`In the worlds of the Devas (gods), O Gargi,' he replied.
`In what then are the worlds of the Devas (gods) woven,
like warp and woof?'
`In the worlds of Indra, O Gargi,' he replied.
`In what then are the worlds of Indra woven, like warp and
woof?'
`In the worlds of Pragapati, O Gargi,' he replied.
`In what then are the worlds of Pragapati woven, like
warp and woof?'
`In the worlds of Brahman, O Gargi,' he replied.
`In what then are the worlds of Brahman woven, like warp
and woof?'
Yagnavalkya said: `O Gargi, Do not ask too much, lest thy
head should fall off. Thou askest too much
about a deity about which we are not to ask too much.
Do not ask too much, O Gargi.' After that Gargi
Vakaknavi held her peace.

Seventh Brahmana
Then Uddalaka Aruni asked. `Yagnavalkya,' he
said, `we dwelt among the Madras in the houses
of Patankala Kapya, studying the sacrifice. His wife was
possessed of a Gandharva, and we asked him:
"Who art thou?" He answered: "I am Kabandha
Atharvana." And he said to Patankala Kapya and to (us)
students: "Dost thou know, Kapya, that thread by which
this world and the other world, and all beings are
strung together?" And Patankala Kapya replied: "I do not
know it, Sir." He said again to Patankala
Kapya and to (us) students: "Dost thou know, Kapya, that
puller (ruler) within (antaryamin), who within
pulls (rules) this world and the other world and all
beings?" And Patankala Kapya replied: "I do not
know it, Sir." He said again to Patankala Kapya and to
(us) students: "He, O Kapya, who knows that
thread and him who pulls (it) within, he knows Brahman,
he knows the worlds, he knows the Devas, he
knows the Vedas, he knows the Bhutas (creatures), he
knows the Self, he knows everything." Thus did he
(the Gandharva) say to them, and I know it. If thou, O
Yagnavalkya, without knowing that string and the
puller within, drivest away those Brahma-cows (the cows
offered as a prize to him who best knows
Brahman), thy head will fall off.'
Yagnavalkya said: `O Gautama, I believe I know that
thread and the puller within.'
The other said: `Anybody may say, I know, I know. Tell
what thou knowest.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Vayu (air) is that thread, O
Gautama. By air, as by a thread, O Gautama, this
world and the other world, and all creatures are strung
together. Therefore, O Gautama, people say of a
dead person that his limbs have become unstrung; for by
air, as by a thread, O Gautama, they were strung
together.'
The other said: `So it is, O Yagnavalkya. Tell now (who
is) the puller within.'
Yagnavalkya said: `He who dwells in the earth,
and within the earth, whom the earth does not
know, whose body the earth is, and who pulls (rules) the
earth within, he is thy Self, the puller (ruler)
within, the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the water, and within the water,
whom the water does not know, whose body the
water is, and who pulls (rules) the water within, he is thy
Self, the puller (ruler) within, the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the fire, and within the fire,
whom the fire does not know, whose body the fire
is, and who pulls (rules) the fire within, he is thy Self, the
puller (ruler) within, the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the sky, and within the sky,
whom the sky does not know, whose body the sky
is, and who pulls (rules) the sky within, he is thy Self, the
puller (ruler) within, the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the air (vayu), and within the air,
whom the air does not know, whose body the
air is, and who pulls (rules) the air within, he is thy Self,
the puller (ruler) within, the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the heaven (dyu), and within the
heaven, whom the heaven does not know,
whose body the heaven is, and who pulls (rules) the
heaven within, he is thy Self, the puller (ruler) within,
the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the sun (aditya), and within the
sun, whom the sun does not know, whose body
the sun is, and who pulls (rules) the sun within, he is thy
Self, the puller (ruler) within, the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the space (disah), and within
the space, whom the space does not know, whose
body the space is, and who pulls (rules) the space within,
he is thy Self, the puller (ruler) within, the
immortal.'
`He who dwells in the moon and stars (kandratarakam), and within the moon and stars, whom
the moon and stars do not know, whose body the moon
and stars are, and who pulls (rules) the moon and
stars within, he is thy Self, the puller (ruler) within, the
immortal.'
`He who dwells in the ether (akasa), and within
the ether, whom the ether does not know, whose
body the ether is, and who pulls (rules) the ether within,
he is thy Self, the puller (ruler) within, the
immortal.'
`He who dwells in the darkness (tamas), and
within the darkness, whom the darkness does not
know, whose body the darkness is, and who pulls (rules)
the darkness within, he is thy Self, the puller
(ruler) within, the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the light (tegas), and within the
light, whom the light does not know, whose
body the light is, and who pulls (rules) the light within, he
is thy Self, the puller (ruler) within, the
immortal.'
So far with respect to the gods (adhidaivatam); now with
respect to beings (adhibhutam).
Yagnavalkya said; `He who dwells in all beings,
and within all beings, whom all beings do not
know, whose body all beings are, and who pulls (rules) all
beings within, he is thy Self, the puller (ruler)
within, the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the breath (prana), and within
the breath, whom the breath does not know,
whose body the breath is, and who pulls (rules) the
breath within, he is thy Self, the puller (ruler) within,
the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the tongue (vak), and within
the tongue, whom the tongue does not know,
whose body the tongue is, and who pulls (rules) the
tongue within, he is thy Self, the puller (ruler) within,
the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the eye, and within the eye,
whom the eye does not know, whose body the eye
is, and who pulls (rules) the eye within, he is thy Self, the
puller (ruler) within, the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the ear, and within the ear,
whom the ear does not know, whose body the ear
is, and who pulls (rules) the ear within, he is thy Self, the
puller (ruler) within, the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the mind, and within the mind,
whom the mind does not know, whose body
the mind is, and who pulls (rules) the mind within, he is
thy Self, the puller (ruler) within, the immortal.'
`He who dwells in the skin, and within the skin,
whom the skin does not know, whose body the
skin is, and who pulls (rules) the skin within, he is thy Self,
the puller (ruler) within, the immortal.'
`He who dwells in knowledge, and within
knowledge, whom knowledge does not know, whose
body knowledge is, and who pulls (rules) knowledge
within, he is thy Self, the puller (ruler) within, the
immortal.'
`He who dwells in the seed, and within the seed,
whom the seed does not know, whose body the
seed is, and who pulls (rules) the seed within, he is thy
Self, the puller (ruler) within, the immortal;
unseen, but seeing; unheard, but hearing; unperceived,
but perceiving; unknown, but knowing. There is
no other seer but he, there is no other hearer but he,
there is no other perceiver but he, there is no other
knower but he. This is thy Self, the ruler within, the
immortal. Everything else is of evil.' After that
Uddalaka Aruni held his peace.

Eighth Brahmana
Then Vakaknavi said: `Venerable Brahmanas, I
shall ask him two questions. If he will answer
them, none of you, I think, will defeat him in any argument
concerning Brahman.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Ask, O Gargi.'
She said: `O Yagnavalkya, as the son of a warrior
from the Kasis or Videhas might string his
loosened bow, take two pointed foe-piercing arrows in his
hand and rise to do battle, I have risen to fight
thee with two questions. Answer me these questions.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Ask, O Gargi.'
She said: `O Yagnavalkya, that of which they say
that it is above the heavens, beneath the earth,
embracing heaven and earth, past, present, and future,
tell me in what is it woven, like warp and woof?'
Yagnavalkya said: `That of which they say that it is
above the heavens, beneath the earth,
embracing heaven and earth, past, present, and future,
that is woven, like warp and woof, in the ether
(akasa).'
She said: `I bow to thee, O Yagnavalkya, who hast
solved me that question. Get thee ready for the
second.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Ask, O Gargi.'
She said: `O Yagnavalkya, that of which they say
that it is above the heavens, beneath the earth,
embracing heaven and earth, past, present, and future,
tell me in what is it woven, like warp and woof?
Yagnavalkya said: `That of which they say that it is
above the heavens, beneath the earth,
embracing heaven and earth, past, present, and future,
that is woven, like warp and woof, in the ether.'
Gargi said: `In what then is the ether woven, like warp
and woof?'
He said: `O Gargi, the Brahmanas call this the
Akshara (the imperishable). It is neither coarse nor
fine, neither short nor long, neither red (like fire) nor fluid
(like water); it is without shadow, without
darkness, without air, without ether, without attachment,
without taste, without smell, without eyes,
without ears, without speech, without mind, without light
(vigour), without breath, without a mouth (or
door), without measure, having no within and no without,
it devours nothing, and no one devours it.'
`By the command of that Akshara (the
imperishable), O Gargi, sun and moon stand apart. By
the
command of that Akshara, O Gargi, heaven and earth
stand apart. By the command of that Akshara, O
Gargi, what are called moments (nimesha), hours
(muhurta), days and nights, half-months, months,
seasons, years, all stand apart. By the command of that
Akshara, O Gargi, some rivers flow to the East
from the white mountains, others to the West, or to any
other quarter. By the command of that Akshara,
O Gargi, men praise those who give, the gods follow the
sacrificer, the fathers the Darvi-offering.'
`Whosoever, O Gargi, without knowing that
Akshara (the imperishable), offers oblations in this
world, sacrifices, and performs penance for a thousand
years, his work will have an end. Whosoever, O
Gargi, without knowing this Akshara, departs this world,
he is miserable (like a slave). But he, O Gargi,
who departs this world, knowing this Akshara, he is a
Brahmana.'
`That Brahman,' O Gargi, `is unseen, but seeing;
unheard, but hearing; unperceived, but
perceiving; unknown, but knowing. There is nothing that
sees but it, nothing that hears but it, nothing
that perceives but it, nothing that knows but it. In that
Akshara then, O Gargi, the ether is woven, like
warp and woof.'
Then said Gargi: `Venerable Brahmans, you may
consider it a great thing, if you get off by
bowing before him. No one, I believe, will defeat him in
any argument concerning Brahman.' After that
Vakaknavi held her peace.

Ninth Brahmana
Then Vidagdha Sakalya asked him: `How many
gods are there, O Yagnavalkya?' He replied with
this very Nivid: `As many as are mentioned in the Nivid of
the hymn of praise addressed to the
Visvedevas, viz. three and three hundred, three and three
thousand.'
`Yes,' he said, and asked again: `How many gods are
there really, O Yagnavalkya?'
`Thirty-three,' he said.
`Yes,' he said, and asked again: `How many gods are
there really, O Yagnavalkya?'
`Six,' he said.
`Yes,' he said, and asked again: `How many gods are
there really, O Yagnavalkya?'
`Three,' he said.
`Yes,' he said, and asked again: `How many gods are
there really, O Yagnavalkya?'
`Two,' he said.
`Yes,' he said, and asked again: `How many gods are
there really, O Yagnavalkya?'
`One and a half (adhyardha),' he said.
`Yes,' he said, and asked again: `How many gods are
there really, O Yagnavalkya?'
`One,' he said.
`Yes,' he said, and asked: `Who are these three and three
hundred, three and three thousand?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `They are only the various
powers of them, in reality there are only thirtythree gods.'
He asked: `Who are those thirty-three?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `The eight Vasus, the eleven
Rudras, the twelve Adityas. They make thirty-one, and
Indra and Pragapati make the thirty-three.'
He asked: `Who are the Vasus.'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Agni (fire), Prithivi (earth), Vayu
(air), Antariksha (sky), Aditya (sun), Dyu
(heaven), Kandramas (moon), the Nakshatras (stars),
these are the Vasus, for in them all that dwells (this
world) rests; and therefore they are called Vasus.'
He asked: `Who are the Rudras?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `These ten vital breaths (pranas, the
senses, i.e. the five gnanendriyas, and the five
karmendriyas), and Atman, as the eleventh. When they
depart from this mortal body, they make us cry
(rodayanti), and because they make us cry, they are
called Rudras.'
He asked: `Who are the Adityas?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `The twelve months of the year, and
they are Adityas, because they move along
(yanti), taking up everything (adadanah). Because they
move along, taking up everything, therefore they
are called Adityas.'
He asked: `And who is Indra, and who is
Pragapati?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Indra is thunder, Pragapati is the
sacrifice.'
He asked: `And what is the thunder?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `The thunderbolt.'
He asked: `And what is the sacrifice?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `The (sacrificial) animals.'
He asked: `Who are the six?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Agni (fire), Prithivi (earth), Vayu
(air), Antariksha (sky), Aditya (sun), Dyu
(heaven), they are the six, for they are all this, the six.'
He asked: `Who are the three gods?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `These three worlds, for in them all
these gods exist.'
He asked: `Who are the two gods?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Food and breath.'
He asked: `Who is the one god and a half?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `He that blows.'
Here they say: `How is it that he who blows like
one only, should be called one and a half
(adhyardha)?' And the answer is: `Because, when the
wind was blowing, everything grew (adhyardhnot).'
He asked: `Who is the one god?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Breath (prana), and he is Brahman
(the Sutratman), and they call him That (tyad).'
Sakalya said: `Whosoever knows that person (or
god) whose dwelling (body) is the earth, whose
sight (world) is fire, whose mind is light, the principle of
every (living) self, he indeed is a teacher, O
Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya said: `I know that person, the principle of
every self, of whom thou speakest. This corporeal
(material, earthy) person, "he is he." But tell me, Sakalya,
who is his devata (deity)?'
Sakalya replied: `The Immortal.'
Sakalya said: `Whosoever knows that person
whose dwelling is love (a body capable of sensual
love), whose sight is the heart, whose mind is light, the
principle of every self, he indeed is a teacher,
O Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya replied: `I know that person, the principle of
every self, of whom thou speakest. This lovemade (loving) person, "he is he." But tell me, Sakalya,
who is his devata?'
Sakalya replied: `The women.'
Sakalya said: `Whosoever knows that person
whose dwelling are the colours, whose sight is the
eye, whose mind is light, the principle of every self, he
indeed is a teacher, O Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya replied: `I know that person, the principle of
every self, of whom thou speakest. That person
in the sun, "he is he." But tell me, Sakalya, who is his
devata?'
Sakalya replied: `The True.'
Sakalya said: `Whosoever knows that person
whose dwelling is ether, whose sight is the ear,
whose mind is light, the principle of every self, he indeed
is a teacher, O Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya replied: `I know that person, the principle of
every self, of whom thou speakest. The person
who hears and answers, "he is he." But tell me, Sakalya,
who is his devata?'
Sakalya replied: `Space.'
Sakalya said: `Whosoever knows that person
whose dwelling is darkness, whose sight is the heart,
whose mind is light, the principle of every self, he indeed
is a teacher, O Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya replied: `I know that person, the principle of
every self, of whom thou speakest. The
shadowy person, "he is he." But tell me, Sakalya, who is
his devata?'
Sakalya replied: `Death.'
Sakalya said: `Whosoever knows that person
whose dwelling are (bright) colours, whose sight is
the eye, whose mind is light, the principle of every self,
he indeed is a teacher, O Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya replied: `I know that person, the principle of
every self, of whom thou speakest. The person
in the looking-glass, "he is he." But tell me, Sakalya, who
is his devata?'
Sakalya replied: `Vital breath'(asu).
Sakalya said: `Whosoever knows that person
whose dwelling is water, whose sight is the heart,
whose mind is light, the principle of every self, he indeed
is a teacher, O Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya replied: `I know that person, the principle of
every self, of whom thou speakest. The person
in the water, "he is he." But tell me, Sakalya, who is his
devata?'
Sakalya replied: `Varuna.'
Sakalya said: `Whosoever knows that person
whose dwelling is seed, whose sight is the heart,
whose mind is light, the principle of every self, he indeed
is a teacher, O Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya replied: `I know that person, the principle of
every self, of whom thou speakest. The filial
person, "he is he." But tell me, Sakalya, who is his
devata?'
Sakalya replied: `Pragapati.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Sakalya, did those
Brahmanas (who themselves shrank from the contest)
make thee the victim?'
Sakalya said: `Yagnavalkya, because thou hast decried
the Brahmanas of the Kuru-Pankalas, what
Brahman dost thou know?'
Yagnavalkya said: `I know the quarters with their
deities and their abodes.'
Sakalya said: `If thou knowest the quarters with their
deities and their abodes,
`Which is thy deity in the Eastern quarter?'
Yagnavalkya said: `Aditya (the sun).'
Sakalya said: `In what does that Aditya abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the eye.'
Sakalya said: `In what does the eye abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the colours, for with the eye he
sees the colours.'
Sakalya said: `And in what then do the colours abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the heart, for we know colours by
the heart, for colours abide in the heart.'
Sakalya said: `So it is indeed, O Yagnavalkya.'
Sakalya said: `Which is thy deity in the Southern
quarter?'
Yagnavalkya said: `Yama.'
Sakalya said: `In what does that Yama abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the sacrifice.'
Sakalya said: `In what does the sacrifice abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the Dakshina. (the gifts to be given
to the priests).'
Sakalya said: `In what does the Dakshina abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In Sraddha (faith), for if a man
believes, then he gives Dakshina, and Dakshina truly
abides in faith.'
Sakalya said: `And in what then does faith abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the heart, for by the heart faith
knows, and therefore faith abides in the heart.'
Sakalya said: `So it is indeed, O Yagnavalkya.'
Sakalya said: `Which is thy deity in the Western
quarter?'
Yagnavalkya said: `Varuna.'
Sakalya said: `In what does that Varuna abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the water.'
Sakalya said: `In what does the water abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the seed.'
Sakalya said: `And in what does the seed abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the heart. And therefore also they
say of a son who is like his father, that he seems
as if slipt from his heart, or made from his heart; for the
seed abides in the heart.'
Sakalya said: `So it is indeed, O Yagnavalkya.'
Sakalya said: `Which is thy deity in the Northern
quarter?'
Yagnavalkya said: `Soma.'
Sakalya said: `In what does that Soma abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the Diksha.'
Sakalya said: `In what does the Diksha abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the True; and therefore they say to
one who has performed the Diksha, Speak what
is true, for in the True indeed the Diksha abides.'
Sakalya said: `And in what does the True abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the heart, for with the heart do we
know what is true, and in the heart indeed the
True abides.'
Sakalya said: `So it is indeed, O Yagnavalkya.'
Sakalya said: `Which is thy deity in the zenith?'
Yagnavalkya said: `Agni.'
Sakalya said: `In what does that Agni abide.'
Yagnavalkya said: `In speech.'
Sakalya said: `And in what does speech abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the heart.'
Sakalya said: `And in what does the heart abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `O Ahallika, when you think
the heart could be anywhere else away from us, if
it were away from us, the dogs might eat it, or the birds
tear it.'
Sakalya said: `And in what dost thou (thy body)
and the Self (thy heart) abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the Prana (breath).'
Sakalya said: `In what does the Prana abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the Apana (down-breathing).'
Sakalya said: `In what does the Apana abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the Vyana (back-breathing).'
Sakalya said: `In what does the Vyana abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the Udana (the out-breathing).'
Sakalya said: `In what does the Udana abide?'
Yagnavalkya said: `In the Samana. That Self (atman) is
to be described by No, no! He is
incomprehensible, for he cannot be (is not)
comprehended; he is imperishable, for he cannot perish;
he is
unattached, for he does not attach himself; unfettered, he
does not suffer, he does not fail.'
`These are the eight abodes (the earth, &c.), the eight
worlds (fire, &c.), the eight gods (the immortal
food, &c.), the eight persons (the corporeal, &c.) He who
after dividing and uniting these persons, went
beyond (the Samana), that person, taught in the
Upanishads, I now ask thee (to teach me). If thou shalt
not explain him to me, thy head will fall.'
Sakalya did not know him, and his head fell, nay, thieves
took away his bones, mistaking them for
something else.
Then Yagnavalkya said: `Reverend Brahmanas,
whosoever among you desires to do so, may now
question me. Or question me, all of you. Or whosoever
among you desires it, I shall question him, or I
shall question all of you.
But those Brahmanas durst not (say anything).
Then Yagnavalkya questioned them with these
Slokas:
`As a mighty tree in the forest, so in truth is man, his
hairs are the leaves, his outer skin is the bark.
`From his skin flows forth blood, sap from the skin (of
the tree); and thus from the wounded man
comes forth blood, as from a tree that is struck.
`The lumps of his flesh are (in the tree) the layers of
wood, the fibre is strong like the tendons. The
bones are the (hard) wood within, the marrow is made like
the marrow of the tree.
`But, while the tree, when felled, grows up again more
young from the root, from what root, tell me,
does a mortal grow up, after he has been felled by death?
`Do not say, "from seed," for seed is produced from
the living; but a tree, springing from a grain,
clearly rises again after death.
`If a tree is pulled up with the root, it will not grow
again; from what root then, tell me, does a mortal
grow up, after he has been felled by death?
`Once born, he is not born (again); for who should
create him again?'
`Brahman, who is knowledge and bliss, he is the
principle, both to him who gives gifts, and also to him
who stands firm, and knows.'
Fourth Adhyaya

First Brahmana
When Ganaka Vaideha was sitting (to give
audience), Yagnavalkya approached, and Ganaka
Vaideha said: `Yagnavalkya, for what object did you
come, wishing for cattle, or for subtle questions?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `For both, Your Majesty;
`Let us hear what anybody may have told you.'
Ganaka Vaideha replied: `Gitvan Sailini told me
that speech (vak) is Brahman.'
Yagnavalkya said: `As one who had (the benefit of a
good) father, mother, and teacher might tell, so did
Sailini tell you, that speech is Brahman; for what is the
use of a dumb person? But did he tell you the
body (ayatana) and the resting-place (pratishtha) of that
Brahman?'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `He did not tell me.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Your Majesty, this (Brahman) stands
on one leg only.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `Then tell me, Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya said: `The tongue is its body, ether its place,
and one should worship it as knowledge.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `What is the nature of that
knowledge?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Your Majesty, speech itself (is
knowledge). For through speech, Your Majesty, a
friend is known (to be a friend), and likewise the Rigveda, Yagur-veda, Sama-veda, the Atharvangirasas,
the Itihasa (tradition), Purana-vidya (knowledge of the
past), the Upanishads, Slokas (verses), Sutras
(rules), Anuvyakhyanas and Vyakhyanas (commentaries,
&c.); what is sacrificed, what is poured out,
what is (to be) eaten and drunk, this world and the other
world, and all creatures. By speech alone, Your
Majesty, Brahman is known, speech indeed, O King, is
the Highest Brahman. Speech does not desert him
who worships that (Brahman) with such knowledge, all
creatures approach him, and having become a
god, he goes to the gods.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `I shall give you (for this) a
thousand cows with a bull as big as an elephant.'
Yagnavalkya said: `My father was of opinion that one
should not accept a reward without having fully
instructed a pupil.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Let us hear what anybody may
have told you.'
Ganaka Vaideha replied: `Udanka Saulbayana told me
that life (prana) is Brahman.'
Yagnavalkya said: `As one who had (the benefit of a
good) father, mother, and teacher might tell, so did
Udanka Saulbayana tell you that life is Brahman; for what
is the use of a person without life? But did he
tell you the body and the resting-place of that Brahman?'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `He did not tell me.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Your Majesty, this (Brahman) stands
on one leg only.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `Then tell me, Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Breath is its body, ether its place, and
one should worship it as what is dear.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `What is the nature of that which is
dear?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Your Majesty, life itself (is that
which is dear);' because for the sake of life, Your
Majesty, a man sacrifices even for him who is unworthy of
sacrifice, he accepts presents from him who is
not worthy to bestow presents, nay, he goes to a country,
even when there is fear of being hurt, for the
sake of life. Life, O King, is the Highest Brahman. Life
does not desert him who worships that
(Brahman) with such knowledge, all creatures approach
him, and having become a god, he goes to the
gods.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `I shall give you (for this) a
thousand cows with a bull as big as an elephant.'
Yagnavalkya said: `My father was of opinion that one
should not accept a reward without having fully
instructed a pupil.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Let us hear what anybody may
have told you.'
Ganaka Vaideha replied: `Barku Varshna told me that
sight (kakshus) is Brahman.'
Yagnavalkya said: `As one who had (the benefit of a
good) father, mother, and teacher might tell, so did
Barku Varshna tell you that sight is Brahman; for what is
the use of a person who cannot see? But did he
tell you the body and the resting-place of that Brahman?'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `He did not tell me.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Your Majesty, this (Brahman) stands
on one leg only.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `Then tell me, Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya said: `The eye is its body, ether its place,
and one should worship it as what is true.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `What is the nature of that which is
true?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Your Majesty, sight itself (is that
which is true); for if they say to a man who sees
with his eye, "Didst thou see?" and he says, "I saw," then
it is true. Sight, O King, is the Highest
Brahman. Sight does not desert him who worships that
(Brahman) with such knowledge, all creatures
approach him, and having become a god, he goes to the
gods.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `I shall give you (for this) a
thousand cows with a bull as big as an elephant.'
Yagnavalkya said: `My father was of opinion that one
should not accept a reward without having fully
instructed a pupil.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Let us hear what anybody may
have told you.'
Ganaka Vaideha replied: `Gardabhivibhita Bharadvaga
told me that hearing ( srotra) is Brahman.'
Yagnavalkya said: `As one who had (the benefit of a
good) father, mother, and teacher might tell, so did
Gardabhivibhita Bharadvaga tell you that hearing is
Brahman; for what is the use of a person who cannot
hear? But did he tell you the body and the resting-place
of that Brahman?'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `He did not tell me.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Your Majesty, this (Brahman) stands
on one leg only.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `Then tell me, Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya said: `The ear is its body, ether its place,
and we should worship it as what is endless.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `What is the nature of that which is
endless?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Your Majesty, space (disah) itself
(is that which is endless), and therefore to
whatever space (quarter) he goes, he never comes to the
King, is hearing, and hearing indeed, O King, is the
Highest Brahman. Hearing does not desert him who
worships that (Brahman) with such knowledge, all
creatures approach him, and having become a god, he
goes to the gods.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `I shall give you (for this) a
thousand cows with a bull as big as an elephant.'
Yagnavalkya said: `My father was of opinion that one
should not accept a reward without having fully
instructed a pupil.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Let us hear what anybody may
have told you.'
Ganaka Vaideha replied: `Satyakama Gabala told me that
mind (manas) is Brahman.'
Yagnavalkya said: `As one who had (the benefit of a
good) father, mother, and teacher might tell, so did
Satyakama Gabala tell you that mind is Brahman; for
what is the use of a person without mind? But did
he tell you the body and the resting-place of that
Brahman?'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `He did not tell me.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Your Majesty, this (Brahman) stands
on one leg only.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `Then tell me, Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Mind itself is its body, ether its place,
and we should worship it as bliss.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `What is the nature of bliss?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Your Majesty, mind itself; for with
the mind does a man desire a woman, and a
like son is born of her, and he is bliss. Mind indeed, O
King, is the Highest Brahman. Mind does not
desert him who worships that (Brahman) with such
knowledge, all creatures approach him, and having
become a god, he goes to the gods.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `I shall give you (for this) a
thousand cows with a bull as big as an elephant.'
Yagnavalkya said: `My father was of opinion that one
should not accept a reward without having fully
instructed a pupil.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Let us hear what anybody may
have told you.'
Ganaka Vaideha replied: `Vidagdha Sakalya told me that
the heart (hridaya) is Brahman.'
Yagnavalkya said: `As one who had (the benefit of a
good) father, mother, and teacher might tell, so did
Vidagdha Sakalya tell you that the heart is Brahman; for
what is the use of a person without a heart? But
did he tell you the body and the resting-place of that
Brahman?'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `He did not tell me.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Your Majesty, this (Brahman) stands
on one leg only.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `Then tell me, Yagnavalkya.'
Yagnavalkya said: `The heart itself is its body, ether its
place, and we should worship it as certainty
(sthiti).'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `What is the nature of certainty?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Your Majesty, the heart itself; for
the heart indeed, O King, is the body of all
things, the heart is the resting-place of all things, for in the
heart, O King, all things rest. The heart
indeed, O King, is the Highest Brahman. The heart does
not desert him who worships that (Brahman)
with such knowledge, all creatures approach him, and
having become a god, he goes to the gods.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `I shall give you (for this) a
thousand cows with a bull as big as an elephant.'
Yagnavalkya said: `My father was of opinion that one
should not accept a reward without having fully
instructed a pupil.'

Second Brahmana
Ganaka Vaideha, descending from his throne,
said: `I bow to you, O Yagnavalkya, teach me.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Your Majesty, as a man who wishes
to make a long journey, would furnish himself
with a chariot or a ship, thus is your mind well furnished
by these Upanishads. You are honourable, and
wealthy, you have learnt the Vedas and been told the
Upanishads. Whither then will you go when
departing hence?'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `Sir, I do not know whither I shall
go.'
Yagnavalkya said: `Then I shall tell you this, whither you
will go.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `Tell it, Sir.'
Yagnavalkya said: `That person who is in the right
eye, he is called Indha, and him who is Indha
they call indeed Indra mysteriously, for the gods love
what is mysterious, and dislike what is evident.
`Now that which in the shape of a person is in the
right eye, is his wife, Virag. Their meetingplace is the ether within the heart, and their food the red
lump within the heart. Again, their covering is
that which is like net-work within the heart, and the road
on which they move (from sleep to waking) is
the artery that rises upwards from the heart. Like a hair
divided into a thousand parts, so are the veins of
it, which are called Hita, placed firmly within the heart.
Through these indeed that (food) flows on
flowing, and he (the Taigasa) receives as it were purer
food than the corporeal Self (the Vaisvanara).
`His (the Taigasa's) Eastern quarter are the pranas
(breath) which go to the East;
`His Southern quarter are the pranas which go to the
South;
`His Western quarter are the pranas which go to the
West;
`His Northern quarter are the pranas which go to the
North;
`His Upper (Zenith) quarter are the pranas which go
upward;
`His Lower (Nadir) quarter are the pranas which go
downward;
`All the quarters are all the pranas. And he (the Atman in
that state) can only be described by No, no! He
is incomprehensible, for he cannot be comprehended; he
is undecaying, for he cannot decay; he is not
attached, for he does not attach himself; he is unbound,
he does not suffer, he does not perish. O Ganaka,
you have indeed reached fearlessness,' thus said
Yagnavalkya.
Then Ganaka said: `May that fearlessness come to you
also who teachest us fearlessness. I bow to you.
Here are the Videhas, and here am I (thy slave).'

Third Brahmana
Yagnavalkya came to Ganaka Vaideha, and he did
not mean to speak with him. But when
formerly Ganaka Vaideha and Yagnavalkya had a
disputation on the Agnihotra, Yagnavalkya had granted
him a boon, and he chose (for a boon) that he might be
free to ask him any question he liked.
Yagnavalkya granted it, and thus the King was the first to
ask him a question.
`Yagnavalkya,' he said, `what is the light of man?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `The sun, O King; for, having the
sun alone for his light, man sits, moves about,
does his work, and returns.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `So indeed it is, O Yagnavalkya.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `When the sun has set, O
Yagnavalkya, what is then the light of man?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `The moon indeed is his light; for,
having the moon alone for his light, man sits,
moves about, does his work, and returns.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `So indeed it is, O Yagnavalkya.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `When the sun has set, O
Yagnavalkya, and the moon has set, what is the
light of man?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Fire indeed is his light; for, having
fire alone for his light, man sits, moves about,
does his work, and returns.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `When the sun has set, O
Yagnavalkya, and the moon has set, and the fire is
gone out, what is then the light of man?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Sound indeed is his light; for,
having sound alone for his light, man sits, moves
about, does his work, and returns. Therefore, O King,
when one cannot see even one's own hand, yet
when a sound is raised, one goes towards it.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `So indeed it is, O Yagnavalkya.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `When the sun has set, O
Yagnavalkya, and the moon has set, and the fire is
gone out, and the sound hushed, what is then the light of
man?'
Yagnavalkya said: `The Self indeed is his light; for, having
the Self alone as his light, man sits, moves
about, does his work, and returns.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `Who is that Self?'
Yagnavalkya replied: `He who is within the heart,
surrounded by the Pranas (senses), the person of light,
consisting of knowledge. He, remaining the same,
wanders along the two worlds, as if thinking, as if
moving. During sleep (in dream) he transcends this world
and all the forms of death (all that falls under
the sway of death, all that is perishable).
`On being born that person, assuming his body,
becomes united with all evils; when he departs and
dies, he leaves all evils behind.
`And there are two states for that person, the one
here in this world, the other in the other world,
and as a third an intermediate state, the state of sleep.
When in that intermediate state, he sees both those
states together, the one here in this world, and the other
in the other world. Now whatever his admission
to the other world may be, having gained that admission,
he sees both the evils and the blessings.
`And when he falls asleep, then after having taken away
with him the material from the whole world,
destroying and building it up again, he sleeps (dreams) by
his own light. In that state the person is selfilluminated.
`There are no (real) chariots in that state, no
horses, no roads, but he himself sends forth (creates)
chariots, horses, and roads. There are no blessings
there, no happiness, no joys, but he himself sends forth
(creates) blessings, happiness, and joys. There are no
tanks there, no lakes, no rivers, but he himself
sends forth (creates) tanks, lakes, and rivers. He indeed
is the maker.
`On this there are these verses:
`After having subdued by sleep all that belongs to the
body, he, not asleep himself, looks down upon the
sleeping (senses). Having assumed light, he goes again
to his place, the golden person, the lonely bird.
(1)
`Guarding with the breath (prana, life) the lower
nest, the immortal moves away from the nest;
that immortal one goes wherever he likes, the golden
person, the lonely bird. (2)
`Going up and down in his dream, the god makes
manifold shapes for himself, either rejoicing
together with women, or laughing (with his friends), or
seeing terrible sights. (3)
`People may see his playground, but himself no
one ever sees. Therefore they say, "Let no one
wake a man suddenly, for it is not easy to remedy, if he
does not get back (rightly to his body)."
`Here some people (object and) say: "No, this (sleep) is
the same as the place of waking, for what he sees
while awake, that only he sees when asleep." No, here
(in sleep) the person is self-illuminated (as we
explained before).'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `I give you, Sir, a thousand.
Speak on for the sake of (my) emancipation.'
Yagnavalkya said: `That (person) having enjoyed
himself in that state of bliss (samprasada, deep
sleep), having moved about and seen both good and evil,
hastens back again as he came, to the place from
which he started (the place of sleep), to dream. And
whatever he may have seen there, he is not followed
(affected) by it, for that person is not attached to
anything.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `So it is indeed, Yagnavalkya. I
give you, Sir, a thousand. Speak on for the sake of
emancipation.'
Yagnavalkya said: `That (person) having enjoyed
himself in that sleep (dream), having moved
about and seen both good and evil, hastens back again
as he came, to the place from which he started, to
be awake. And whatever he may have seen there, he is
not followed (affected) by it, for that person is not
attached to anything.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `So it is indeed, Yagnavalkya. I
give you, Sir, a thousand. Speak on for the sake of
emancipation.'
Yagnavalkya said: `That (person) having enjoyed
himself in that state of waking, having moved
about and seen both good and evil, hastens back again
as he came, to the place from which he started, to
the state of sleeping (dream).
`In fact, as a large fish moves along the two
banks of a river, the right and the left, so does that
person move along these two states, the state of sleeping
and the state of waking.
`And as a falcon, or any other (swift) bird, after he
has roamed about here in the air, becomes
tired, and folding his wings is carried to his nest, so does
that person hasten to that state where, when
asleep, he desires no more desires, and dreams no more
dreams.
`There are in his body the veins called Hita,
which are as small as a hair divided a thousandfold,
full of white, blue, yellow, green, and red. Now when, as
it were, they kill him, when, as it were, they
overcome him, when, as it were, an elephant chases him,
when, as it were, he falls into a well, he fancies,
through ignorance, that danger which he (commonly)
sees in waking. But when he fancies that he is, as it
were, a god, or that he is, as it were, a king, or "I am this
altogether," that is his highest world.
`This indeed is his (true) form, free from desires,
free from evil, free from fear. Now as a man,
when embraced by a beloved wife, knows nothing that is
without, nothing that is within, thus this person,
when embraced by the intelligent (pragna) Self, knows
nothing that is without, nothing that is within.
This indeed is his (true) form, in which his wishes are
fulfilled, in which the Self (only) is his wish, in
which no wish is left, free from any sorrow.
`Then a father is not a father, a mother not a
mother, the worlds not worlds, the gods not gods,
the Vedas not Vedas. Then a thief is not a thief, a
murderer not a murderer, a Kandala not a Kandala, a
Paulkasa not a Paulkasa, a Sramana not a Sramana, a
Tapasa not a Tapasa. He is not followed by good,
not followed by evil, for he has then overcome all the
sorrows of the heart.
`And when (it is said that) there (in the Sushupti)
he does not see, yet he is seeing, though he
does not see. For sight is inseparable from the seer,
because it cannot perish. But there is then no second,
nothing else different from him that he could see.
`And when (it is said that) there (in the Sushupti)
he does not smell, yet he is smelling, though he
does not smell. For smelling is inseparable from the
smeller, because it cannot perish. But there is then
no second, nothing else different from him that he could
smell.
`And when (it is said that) there (in the Sushupti)
he does not taste, yet he is tasting, though he
does not taste. For tasting is inseparable from the taster,
because it cannot perish. But there is then no
second, nothing else different from him that he could
taste.
`And when (it is said that) there (in the Sushupti)
he does not speak, yet he is speaking, though
he does not speak. For speaking is inseparable from the
speaker, because it cannot perish. But there is
then no second, nothing else different from him that he
could speak.
`And when (it is said that) there (in the Sushupti)
he does not hear, yet he is hearing, though he
does not hear. For hearing is inseparable from the
hearer, because it cannot perish. But there is then no
second, nothing else different from him that he could
hear.
`And when (it is said that) there (in the Sushupti)
he does not think, yet he is thinking, though he
does not think. For thinking is inseparable from the
thinker, because it cannot perish. But there is then
no second, nothing else different from him that he could
think.
`And when (it is said that) there (in the Sushupti)
he does not touch, yet he is touching, though he
does not touch. For touching is inseparable from the
toucher, because it cannot perish. But there is then
no second, nothing else different from him that he could
think.
`And when (it is said that) there (in the Sushupti)
he does not know, yet he is knowing, though he
does not know. For knowing is inseparable from the
knower, because it cannot perish. But there is then
no second, nothing else different from him that he could
know.
`When (in waking and dreaming) there is, as it
were, another, then can one see the other, then
can one smell the other, then can one speak to the other,
then can one hear the other, then can one think
the other, then can one touch the other, then can one
know the other.
`An ocean is that one seer, without any duality;
this is the Brahma-world, O King.' Thus did
Yagnavalkya teach him. This is his highest goal, this is
his highest success, this is his highest world, this
is his highest bliss. All other creatures live on a small
portion of that bliss.
`If a man is healthy, wealthy, and lord of others,
surrounded by all human enjoyments, that is the
highest blessing of men. Now a hundred of these human
blessings make one blessing of the fathers who
have conquered the world (of the fathers). A hundred
blessings of the fathers who have conquered this
world make one blessing in the Gandharva world. A
hundred blessings in the Gandharva world make one
blessing of the Devas by merit (work, sacrifice), who
obtain their godhead by merit. A hundred blessings
of the Devas by merit make one blessing of the Devas by
birth, also (of) a Srotriya who is without sin, and
not overcome by desire. A hundred blessings of the
Devas by birth make one blessing in the world of
Pragapati, also (of) a Srotriya who is without sin, and not
overcome by desire. A hundred blessings in the
world of Pragapati make one blessing in the world of
Brahman, also (of) a Srotriya who is without sin,
and not overcome by desire. And this is the highest
blessing.
`This is the Brahma-world, O king,' thus spake
Yagnavalkya.
Ganaka Vaideha said: `I give you, Sir, a thousand.
Speak on for the sake of (my) emancipation.'
Then Yagnavalkya was afraid lest the King, having
become full of understanding, should drive him from
all his positions.
And Yagnavalkya said: `That (person), having
enjoyed himself in that state of sleeping (dream),
having moved about and seen both good and bad,
hastens back again as he came, to the place from which
he started, to the state of waking.
`Now as a heavy-laden carriage moves along
groaning, thus does this corporeal Self, mounted by
the intelligent Self, move along groaning, when a man is
thus going to expire.
`And when (the body) grows weak through old
age, or becomes weak through illness, at that time
that person, after separating himself from his members,
as an Amra (mango), or Udumbara (fig), or
Pippala-fruit is separated from the stalk, hastens back
again as he came, to the place from which he
started, to (new) life.
`And as policemen, magistrates, equerries, and
governors wait for a king who is coming back,
with food and drink, saying, "He comes back, he
approaches," thus do all the elements wait on him who
knows this, saying, "That Brahman comes, that Brahman
approaches."
`And as policemen, magistrates, equerries, and
governors gather round a king who is departing,
thus do all the senses (pranas) gather round the Self at
the time of death, when a man is thus going to
expire.'

Fourth Brahmana
Yagnavalkya continued: `Now when that Self,
having sunk into weakness, sinks, as it were, into
unconsciousness, then gather those senses (pranas)
around him, and he, taking with him those elements of
light, descends into the heart. When that person in the
eye turns away, then he ceases to know any forms.
`"He has become one," they say, "he does not
see." "He has become one," they say, "he does not
smell." "He has become one," they say, "he does not
does not taste." "He has become one," they say, "he
does not speak." "He has become one," they say, "he
does not hear." "He has become one," they say, "he
does not think." "He has become one," they say, "he
does not touch." "He has become one," they say, "he
does not know." The point of his heart becomes lighted
up, and by that light the Self departs, either
through the eye, or through the skull, or through other
places of the body. And when he thus departs, life
(the chief prana) departs after him, and when life thus
departs, all the other vital spirits (pranas) depart
after it. He is conscious, and being conscious he follows
and departs.
`Then both his knowledge and his work take hold of him,
and his acquaintance with former things.'
`And as a caterpillar, after having reached the end
of a blade of grass, and after having made
another approach (to another blade), draws itself together
towards it, thus does this Self, after having
thrown off this body and dispelled all ignorance, and after
making another approach (to another body),
draw himself together towards it.
`And as a goldsmith, taking a piece of gold, turns it
into another, newer and more beautiful shape,
so does this Self, after having thrown off this body and
dispelled all ignorance, make unto himself
another, newer and more beautiful shape, whether it be
like the Fathers, or like the Gandharvas, or like
the Devas, or like Pragapati, or like Brahman, or like other
beings.
`That Self is indeed Brahman, consisting of
knowledge, mind, life, sight, hearing, earth, water,
wind, ether, light and no light, desire and no desire, anger
and no anger, right or wrong, and all things.
Now as a man is like this or like that, according as he acts
and according as he behaves, so will he be:
a man of good acts will become good, a man of bad acts,
bad. He becomes pure by pure deeds, bad by bad
deeds.
`And here they say that a person consists of desires. And
as is his desire, so is his will; and as is his will,
so is his deed; and whatever deed he does, that he will
reap.
`And here there is this verse: "To whatever object
a man's own mind is attached, to that he goes
strenuously together with his deed; and having obtained
the end (the last results) of whatever deed he does
here on earth, he returns again from that world (which is
the temporary reward of his deed) to this world
of action."
`So much for the man who desires. But as to the man
who does not desire, who, not desiring, freed from
desires, is satisfied in his desires, or desires the Self only,
his vital spirits do not depart elsewhere,
being Brahman, he goes to Brahman.
`On this there is this verse: "When all desires
which once entered his heart are undone, then does
the mortal become immortal, then he obtains Brahman."
`And as the slough of a snake lies on an ant-hill, dead
and cast away, thus lies this body; but that
disembodied immortal spirit (prana, life) is Brahman only,
is only light.'
Ganaka Vaideha said: `Sir, I give you a thousand.'
`On this there are these verses:
`The small, old path stretching far away has been found
by me. On it sages who know Brahman move on
to the Svarga-loka (heaven), and thence higher on, as
entirely free.
`On that path they say that there is white, or blue,
or yellow, or green, or red; that path was found
by Brahman, and on it goes whoever knows Brahman,
and who has done good, and obtained splendour.
`All who worship what is not knowledge (avidya)
enter into blind darkness: those who delight in
knowledge, enter, as it were, into greater darkness.
`There are indeed those unblessed worlds,
covered with blind darkness. Men who are ignorant
and not enlightened go after death to those worlds.
`If a man understands the Self, saying, "I am He,"
what could he wish or desire that he should
pine after the body.
`Whoever has found and understood the Self that
has entered into this patched-together hidingplace, he indeed is the creator, for he is the maker of
everything, his is the world, and he is the world
itself.
`While we are here, we may know this; if not, I
am ignorant, and there is great destruction.
Those who know it, become immortal, but others suffer
pain indeed.
`If a man clearly beholds this Self as God, and as
the lord of all that is and will be, then he is no
more afraid.
`He behind whom the year revolves with the
days, him the gods worship as the light of lights, as
immortal time.
`He in whom the five beings and the ether rest,
him alone I believe to be the Self, I who know,
believe him to be Brahman; I who am immortal, believe
him to be immortal.
`They who know the life of life, the eye of the eye,
the ear of the ear, the mind of the mind, they
have comprehended the ancient, primeval Brahman.
`By the mind alone it is to be perceived, there is
in it no diversity. He who perceives therein any
diversity, goes from death to death.
`This eternal being that can never be proved, is
to be perceived in one way only; it is spotless,
beyond the ether, the unborn Self, great and eternal.
`Let a wise Brahmana, after he has discovered
him, practise wisdom. Let him not seek after
many words, for that is mere weariness of the tongue.
`And he is that great unborn Self, who consists of
knowledge, is surrounded by the Pranas, the
ether within the heart. In it there reposes the ruler of all,
the lord of all, the king of all. He does not
become greater by good works, nor smaller by evil works.
He is the lord of all, the king of all things, the
protector of all things. He is a bank and a boundary, so
that these worlds may not be confounded.
Brahmanas seek to know him by the study of the Veda,
by sacrifice, by gifts, by penance, by fasting, and
he who knows him, becomes a Muni. Wishing for that
world (for Brahman) only, mendicants leave their
homes.
`Knowing this, the people of old did not wish for offspring.
What shall we do with offspring, they said,
we who have this Self and this world (of Brahman)? And
they, having risen above the desire for sons,
wealth, and new worlds, wander about as mendicants.
For desire for sons is desire for wealth, and desire
for wealth is desire for worlds. Both these are indeed
desires only. He, the Self, is to be described by No,
no! He is incomprehensible, for he cannot be
comprehended; he is imperishable, for he cannot perish;
he
is unattached, for he does not attach himself; unfettered,
he does not suffer, he does not fail. Him (who
knows), these two do not overcome, whether he says that
for some reason he has done evil, or for some
reason he has done good he overcomes both, and
neither what he has done, nor what he has omitted to
do, burns (affects) him.
`This has been told by a verse (Rik): "This eternal
greatness of the Brahmana does not grow
larger by work, nor does it grow smaller. Let man try to
find (know) its trace, for having found (known)
it, he is not sullied by any evil deed."
`He therefore that knows it, after having become quiet,
subdued, satisfied, patient, and collected, sees self
in Self, sees all as Self. Evil does not overcome him, he
overcomes all evil. Evil does not burn him, he
burns all evil. Free from evil, free from spots, free from
doubt, he becomes a (true) Brahmana; this is the
Brahma-world, O King,' thus spoke Yagnavalkya.
Ganaka Vaideha said: `Sir, I give you the Videhas, and
also myself, to be together your slaves.'
This indeed is the great, the unborn Self, the
strong, the giver of wealth. He who knows this
obtains wealth.
This great, unborn Self, undecaying, undying,
immortal, fearless, is indeed Brahman. Fearless is
Brahman, and he who knows this becomes verily the
fearless Brahman.

Sixth Brahmana
Yagnavalkya had two wives, Maitreyi and
Katyayani. Of these Maitreyi was conversant with
Brahman, but Katyayani possessed such knowledge only
as women possess. And Yagnavalkya, when he
wished to get ready for another state of life (when he
wished to give up the state of a householder, and
retire into the forest),
Said, `Maitreyi, verily I am going away from this my
house (into the forest). Forsooth, let me
make a settlement between thee and that Katyayani.'
Maitreyi said: `My Lord, if this whole earth, full of
wealth, belonged to me, tell me, should I be
immortal by it, or no?'
`No,' replied Yagnavalkya, `like the life of rich people will
be thy life. But there is no hope of immortality
by wealth.'
And Maitreyi said: `What should I do with that by
which I do not become immortal? What my
Lord knoweth (of immortality), tell that clearly to me.'
Yagnavalkya replied: `Thou who art truly dear to
me, thou hast increased what is dear (to me in
thee). Therefore, if you like, Lady, I will explain it to thee,
and mark well what I say.'
And he said: `Verily, a husband is not dear, that
you may love the husband; but that you may love
the Self, therefore a husband is dear.
`Verily, a wife is not dear, that you may love the wife; but
that you may love the Self, therefore a wife is
dear.
`Verily, sons are not dear, that you may love the sons; but
that you may love the Self, therefore sons are
dear.
`Verily, wealth is not dear, that you may love wealth; but
that you may love the Self, therefore wealth is
dear.
`Verily, cattle are not dear, that you may love cattle; but
that you may love the Self, therefore cattle are
dear.
`Verily, the Brahman-class is not dear, that you may love
the Brahman-class; but that you may love the
Self, therefore the Brahman-class is dear.
`Verily, the Kshatra-class is not dear, that you may love
the Kshatra-class; but that you may love the Self,
therefore the Kshatra-class is dear.
`Verily, the worlds are not dear, that you may love the
worlds; but that you may love the Self, therefore the
worlds are dear.
`Verily, the Devas are not dear, that you may love the
Devas; but that you may love the Self, therefore the
Devas are dear.
`Verily, the Vedas are not dear, that you may love the
Vedas; but that you may love the Self, therefore the
Vedas are dear.
`Verily, creatures are not dear, that you may love the
creatures; but that you may love the Self, therefore
are creatures dear.
`Verily, everything is not dear, that you may love
everything; but that you may love the Self, therefore
everything is dear.
`Verily, the Self is to be seen, to be heard, to be
perceived, to be marked, O Maitreyi! When the Self has
been seen, heard, perceived, and known, then all this is
known.'
`Whosoever looks for the Brahman-class
elsewhere than in the Self, was abandoned by the
Brahman-class. Whosoever looks for the Kshatra-class
elsewhere than in the Self, was abandoned by the
Kshatra-class. Whosoever looks for the worlds elsewhere
than in the Self, was abandoned by the worlds.
Whosoever looks for the Devas elsewhere than in the
Self, was abandoned by the Devas. Whosoever looks
for the Vedas elsewhere than in the Self, was abandoned
by the Vedas. Whosoever looks for the creatures
elsewhere than in the Self, was abandoned by the
creatures. Whosoever looks for anything elsewhere than
in the Self, was abandoned by anything.
`This Brahman-class, this Kshatra-class, these worlds,
these Devas, these Vedas, all these beings, this
everything, all is that Self.
`Now as the sounds of a drum, when beaten,
cannot be seized externally (by themselves), but the
sound is seized, when the drum is seized, or the beater of
the drum;
`And as the sounds of a conch-shell, when blown,
cannot be seized externally (by themselves), but
the sound is seized, when the shell is seized, or the
blower of the shell;
`And as the sounds of a lute, when played,
cannot be seized externally (by themselves), but the
sound is seized, when the lute is seized, or the player of
the lute;
`As clouds of smoke proceed by themselves out
of lighted fire kindled with damp fuel, thus verily,
O Maitreyi, has been breathed forth from this great Being
what we have as Rig-veda, Yagur-veda, Samaveda, Atharvangirasas, Itihasa, Purana, Vidya, the
Upanishads, Slokas, Sutras, Anuvyakhyanas,
Vyakhyanas, what is sacrificed, what is poured out, food,
drink, this world and the other world, and all
creatures. From him alone all these were breathed forth.
`As all waters find their centre in the sea, all
touches in the skin, all tastes in the tongue, all
smells in the nose, all colours in the eye, all sounds in the
ear, all percepts in the mind, all knowledge in
the heart, all actions in the hands, all movements in the
feet, and all the Vedas in speech,
`As a mass of salt has neither inside nor outside,
but is altogether a mass of taste, thus indeed has
that Self neither inside nor outside, but is altogether a
mass of knowledge; and having risen from out these
elements, vanishes again in them. When he has
departed, there is no more knowledge (name), I say, O
Maitreyi,' thus spoke Yagnavalkya.
Then Maitreyi said: `Here, Sir, thou hast landed
me in utter bewilderment. Indeed, I do not
understand him.'
But he replied: `O Maitreyi, I say nothing that is
bewildering. Verily, beloved, that Self is imperishable,
and of an indestructible nature.
`For when there is as it were duality, then one
sees the other, one smells the other, one tastes the
other, one salutes the other, one hears the other, one
perceives the other, one touches the other, one knows
the other; but when the Self only is all this, how should he
see another, how should he smell another, how
should he taste another, how should he salute another,
how should he hear another, how should he touch
another, how should he know another? How should he
know Him by whom he knows all this? That Self
is to be described by No, no! He is incomprehensible, for
he cannot be comprehended; he is imperishable,
for he cannot perish; he is unattached, for he does not
attach himself; unfettered, he does not suffer, he
does not fail. How, O beloved, should he know the
Knower? Thus, O Maitreyi, thou hast been instructed.
Thus far goes immortality.' Having said so, Yagnavalkya
went away (into the forest).

Sixth Brahmana
Now follows the stem:
(We) from Pautimashya,
Pautimashya from Gaupavana,
Gaupavana from Pautimashya,
Pautimashya from Gaupavana,
Gaupavana from Kausika,
Kausika from Kaundinya,
Kaundinya from Sandilya,
Sandilya from Kausika and Gautama,
Gautama
from Agnivesya,
Agnivesya from Gargya,
Gargya from Gargya,
Gargya from Gautama,
Gautama from Saitava,
Saitava from Parasaryayana,
Parasaryayana from Gargyayana,
Gargyayana from Uddalakayana,
Uddalakayana from Gabalayana,
Gabalayana from Madhyandinayana,
Madhyandinayana from Saukarayana,
Saukarayana from Kashayana,
Kashayana from Sayakayana,
Sayakayana from Kausikayani,
Kausikayani
from Ghritakausika,
Ghritakausika from Parasaryayana,
Parasaryayana from Parasarya,
Parasarya from Gatukarnya,
Gatukarnya from Asurayana and Yaska,
Asurayana from Travani,
Travani from Aupagandhani,
Aupagandhani from Asuri,
Asuri from Bharadvaga,
Bharadvaga from Atreya,
Atreya from Manti,
Manti from Gautama,
Gautama from Gautama,
Gautama from Vatsya,
Vatsya from Sandilya,
Sandilya from Kaisorya Kapya,
Kaisorya Kapya from Kumaraharita,
Kumaraharita from Galava,
Galava from Vidarbhi-kaundinya,
Vidarbhi-kaundinya from Vatsanapat Babhrava,
Vatsanapat Babhrava from Pathi Saubhara,
Pathi Saubhara from Ayasya Angirasa,
Ayasya Angirasa from Abhuti Tvashtra,
Abhuti Tvashtra from Visvarupa Tvashtra,
Visvarupa Tvashtra from Asvinau,
Asvinau from Dadhyak Atharvana,
Dadhyak Atharvana from Atharvan Daiva,
Atharvan Daiva from Mrityu Pradhvamsana,
Mrityu Pradhvamsana from Pradhvamsana,
Pradhvamsana from Ekarshi,
Ekarshi from Viprakitti,
Viprakitti from Vyashti,
Vyashti from Sanaru,
Sanaru from Sanatana,
Sanatana from Sanaga,
Sanaga from Parameshthin,
Parameshthin from Brahman,
Brahman is Svayambhu, self-existent.
Adoration to Brahman.
Fifth Adhyaya

First Brahmana
That (the invisible Brahman) is full, this (the visible
Brahman) is full. This full (visible Brahman)
proceeds from that full (invisible Brahman). On grasping
the fulness of this full (visible Brahman) there
is left that full (invisible Brahman).
Om (is) ether, (is) Brahman. `There is the old ether (the
invisible), and the (visible) ether of the
atmosphere,' thus said Kauravyayaniputra. This (the Om)
is the Veda (the means of knowledge), thus the
Brahmanas know. One knows through it all that has to be
known.

Second Brahmana
The threefold descendants of Pragapati, gods,
men, and Asuras (evil spirits), dwelt as
Brahmakarins (students) with their father Pragapati.
Having finished their studentship the gods said:
`Tell us (something), Sir.' He told them the syllable Da.
Then he said: `Did you understand?' They said:
`We did understand. You told us "Damyata," Be
subdued.' `Yes,' he said, `you have understood.'
Then the men said to him: `Tell us something, Sir.'
He told them the same syllable Da. Then he
said: `Did you understand?' They said: `We did
understand. You told us, "Datta," Give.' `Yes,' he said,
`you have understood.'
Then the Asuras said to him: `Tell us something,
Sir.' He told them the same syllable Da. Then
he said: `Did you understand?' They said: `We did
understand. You told us, "Dayadham," Be merciful.'
`Yes,' he said, `you have understood.'
The divine voice of thunder repeats the same, Da Da Da,
that is, Be subdued, Give, Be merciful.
Therefore let that triad be taught, Subduing, Giving, and
Mercy.

Third Brahmana
Pragapati is the heart, is this Brahman, is all this.
The heart, hridaya, consists of three syllables.
One syllable is hri, and to him who knows this, his own
people and others bring offerings. One syllable is
da, and to him who knows this, his own people and others
bring gifts. One syllable is yam, and he who
knows this, goes to heaven (svarga) as his world.

Fourth Brahmana
This (heart) indeed is even that, it was indeed the
true (Brahman). And whosoever knows this
great glorious first-born as the true Brahman, he
conquers these worlds, and conquered likewise may that
(enemy) be! yes, whosoever knows this great glorious
first-born as the true Brahman; for Brahman is the
true.

Fifth Brahmana
In the beginning this (world) was water. Water
produced the true, and the true is Brahman.
Brahman produced Pragapati, Pragapati the Devas
(gods). The Devas adore the true (satyam) alone. This
satyam consists of three syllables. One syllable is sa,
another t(i), the third yam. The first and last
syllables are true, in the middle there is the untrue. This
untrue is on both sides enclosed by the true, and
thus the true preponderates. The untrue does not hurt
him who knows this.
Now what is the true, that is the Aditya (the sun),
the person that dwells in yonder orb, and the
person in the right eye. These two rest on each other, the
former resting with his rays in the latter, the
latter with his pranas (senses) in the former. When the
latter is on the point of departing this life, he sees
that orb as white only, and those rays (of the sun) do not
return to him.
Now of the person in that (solar) orb Bhuh is the
head, for the head is one, and that syllable is one;
Bhuvah the two arms, for the arms are two, and these
syllables are two; Svar the foot, for the feet are two,
and these syllables are two. Its secret name is Ahar
(day), and he who knows this, destroys (hanti) evil
and leaves (gahati) it.
Of the person in the right eye Bhuh is the head, for
the head is one, and that syllable is one;
Bhuvah the two arms, for the arms are two, and these
syllables are two; Svar the foot, for the feet are two,
and these syllables are two. Its secret name is Aham
(ego), and he who knows this, destroys (hanti) evil
and leaves (gahati) it.

Sixth Brahmana
That person, under the form of mind (manas),
being light indeed, is within the heart, small like a
grain of rice or barley. He is the ruler of all, the lord of all
he rules all this, whatsoever exists.

Seventh Brahmana
They say that lightning is Brahman, because
lightning (vidyut) is called so from cutting off
(vidanat). Whosoever knows this, that lightning is
Brahman, him (that Brahman) cuts off from evil, for
lightning indeed is Brahman.

Eighth Brahmana
Let him meditate on speech as a cow. Her four
udders are the words Svaha, Vashat, Hanta, and
Svadha. The gods live on two of her udders, the Svaha
and the Vashat, men on the Hanta, the fathers on
the Svadha. The bull of that cow is breath (prana), the
calf the mind.

Ninth Brahmana
Agni Vaisvanara is the fire within man by which the
food that is eaten is cooked, i.e. digested. Its
noise is that which one hears, if one covers one's ears.
When he is on the point of departing this life, he
does not hear that noise.

Tenth Brahmana
When the person goes away from this world, he
comes to the wind. Then the wind makes room
for him, like the hole of a carriage wheel, and through it
he mounts higher. He comes to the sun. Then
the sun makes room for him, like the hole of a Lambara,
and through it he mounts higher. He comes to
the moon. Then the moon makes room for him, like the
hole of a drum, and through it he mounts higher,
and arrives at the world where there is no sorrow, no
snow. There he dwells eternal years.

Eleventh Brahmana
This is indeed the highest penance, if a man, laid
up with sickness, suffers pain. He who knows
this, conquers the highest world.
This is indeed the highest penance, if they carry a dead
person into the forest. He who knows this,
conquers the highest world.
This is indeed the highest penance, if they place a dead
person on the fire. He who knows this, conquers
the highest world.

Twelfth Brahmana
Some say that food is Brahman, but this is not
so, for food decays without life (prana). Others say
that life (prana) is Brahman, but this is not so, for life dries
up without food. Then these two deities (food
and life), when they have become one, reach that highest
state (i.e. are Brahman). Thereupon Pratrida
said to his father: `Shall I be able to do any\ good to one
who knows this, or shall I be able to do him any
harm?' The father said to him, beckoning with his hand:
`Not so, O Pratrida; for who could reach the
highest state, if he has only got to the oneness of these
two?' He then said to him: `Vi; verily, food is Vi,
for all these beings rest (vishtani) on food.' He then said:
`Ram; verily, life is Ram, for all these beings
delight (ramante) in life. All beings rest on him, all beings
delight in him who knows this.'

Thirteenth Brahmana
Next follows the Uktha. Verily, breath (prana) is
Uktha, for breath raises up (utthapayati) all
this. From him who knows this, there is raised a wise
son, knowing the Uktha; he obtains union and
oneness with the Uktha.
Next follows the Yagus. Verily, breath is Yagus,
for all these beings are joined in breath. For
him who knows this, all beings are joined to procure his
excellence; he obtains union and oneness with
the Yagus.
Next follows the Saman. Verily, breath is the
Saman, for all these beings meet in breath. For
him who knows this, all beings meet to procure his
excellence; he obtains union and oneness with the
Saman.
Next follows the Kshatra. Verily, breath is the
Kshatra, for breath is Kshatra, i.e. breath protects
(trayate) him from being hurt (kshanitoh). He who knows
this, obtains Kshatra (power), which requires
no protection; he obtains union and oneness with
Kshatra.

Fourteenth Brahmana
The words Bhumi (earth), Antariksha (sky), and
Dyu (heaven) form eight syllables. One foot of
the Gayatri consists of eight syllables. This (one foot) of it
is that (i.e. the three worlds). And he who
thus knows that foot of it, conquers as far as the three
worlds extend.
The Rikas, the Yagumshi, and the Samani form
eight syllables. One foot (the second) of the
Gayatri consists of eight syllables. This (one foot) of it is
that (i.e. the three Vedas, the Rig-veda, Yagurveda, and Sama-veda). And he who thus knows that foot
of it, conquers as far as that threefold knowledge
extends.
The Prana (the up-breathing), the Apana (the
down-breathing), and the Vyana (the backbreathing) form eight syllables. One foot (the third) of the
Gayatri consists of eight syllables. This (one
foot) of it is that (i.e. the three vital breaths). And he who
thus knows that foot of it, conquers as far as
there is anything that breathes. And of that (Gayatri, or
speech) this indeed is the fourth (turiya), the
bright (darsata) foot, shining high above the skies. What
is here called turiya (the fourth) is meant for
katurtha (the fourth); what is called darsatam padam (the
bright foot) is meant for him who is as it were
seen (the person in the sun); and what is called
paroragas (he who shines high above the skies) is meant
for him who shines higher and higher above every sky.
And he who thus knows that foot of the Gayatri,
shines thus himself also with happiness and glory.
That Gayatri (as described before with its three
feet) rests on that fourth foot, the bright one, high
above the sky. And that again rests on the True
(satyam), and the True is the eye, for the eye is (known to
be) true. And therefore even now, if two persons come
disputing, the one saying, I saw, the other, I heard,
then we should trust the one who says, I saw. And the
True again rests on force (balam), and force is life
(prana), and that (the True) rests on life. Therefore they
say, force is stronger than the True. Thus does
that Gayatri rest with respect to the self (as life). That
Gayatri protects (tatre) the vital breaths (gayas);
the gayas are the pranas (vital breaths), and it protects
them. And because it protects (tatre) the vital
breaths (gayas), therefore it is called Gayatri. And that
Savitri verse which the teacher teaches, that is it
(the life, the prana, and indirectly the Gayatri); and
whomsoever he teaches, he protects his vital breaths.
Some teach that Savitri as an Anushtubh verse,
saying that speech is Anushtubh, and that we
teach that speech. Let no one do this, but let him teach
the Gayatri as Savitri. And even if one who
knows this receives what seems to be much as his
reward (as a teacher), yet this is not equal to one foot of
the Gayatri.
If a man (a teacher) were to receive as his fee
these three worlds full of all things, he would obtain
that first foot of the Gayatri. And if a man were to receive
as his fee everything as far as this threefold
knowledge extends, he would obtain that second foot of
the Gayatri. And if a man were to receive as his
fee everything whatsoever breathes, he would obtain that
third foot of the Gayatri. But `that fourth bright
foot, shining high above the skies', cannot be obtained by
anybody whence then could one receive such
a fee?
The adoration of that (Gayatri):
`O Gayatri, thou hast one foot, two feet, three feet, four
feet. Thou art footless, for thou art not known.
Worship to thy fourth bright foot above the skies.' If one
(who knows this) hates some one and says, `May
he not obtain this,' or `May this wish not be accomplished
to him,' then that wish is not accomplished to
him against whom he thus prays, or if he says, `May I
obtain this.'
And thus Ganaka Vaideha spoke on this point to
Budila Asvatarasvi: `How is it that thou who
spokest thus as knowing the Gayatri, hast become an
elephant and carriest me?' He answered: `Your
Majesty, I did not know its mouth. Agni, fire, is indeed its
mouth; and if people pile even what seems
much (wood) on the fire, it consumes it all. And thus a
man who knows this, even if he commits what
seems much evil, consumes it all and becomes pure,
clean, and free from decay and death.'

Fifteenth Brahmana
The face of the True (the Brahman) is covered
with a golden disk. Open that, O Pushan, that we
may see the nature of the True.
O Pushan, only seer, Yama (judge), Surya (sun),
son of Pragapati, spread thy rays and gather
them! The light which is thy fairest form, I see it. I am
what he is (viz. the person in the sun).
Breath to air and to the immortal! Then this my
body ends in ashes. Om! Mind, remember!
Remember thy deeds! Mind, remember! Remember thy
deeds!
Agni, lead us on to wealth (beatitude) by a good
path, thou, O God, who knowest all things!
Keep far from us crooked evil, and we shall offer thee the
fullest praise! (Rv. I, 189, 1.)
Sixth Adhyaya

First Brahmana
Harih, Om. He who knows the first and the best,
becomes himself the first and the best among his
people. Breath is indeed the first and the best. He who
knows this, becomes the first and the best among
his people, and among whomsoever he wishes to be so.
He who knows the richest, becomes himself the
richest among his people. Speech is the richest.
He who knows this, becomes the richest among his
people, and among whomsoever he wishes to be so.
He who knows the firm rest, becomes himself firm
on even and uneven ground. The eye indeed is
the firm rest, for by means of the eye a man stands firm
on even and uneven ground. He who knows this,
stands firm on even and uneven ground.
He who knows success, whatever desire he
desires, it succeeds to him. The ear indeed is success.
For in the ear are all these Vedas successful. He who
knows this, whatever desire he desires, it succeeds
to him.
He who knows the home, becomes a home of his
own people, a home of all men. The mind indeed
is the home. He who knows this, becomes a home of his
own people and a home of all men.
He who knows generation, becomes rich in
offspring and cattle. Seed indeed is generation. He
who knows this, becomes rich in offspring and cattle.
These Pranas (senses), when quarrelling together
as to who was the best, went to Brahman and
said: `Who is the richest of us?' He replied: `He by whose
departure this body seems worst, he is the
richest.'
The tongue (speech) departed, and having been
absent for a year, it came back and said: `How
have you been able to live without me?' They replied:
`Like unto people, not speaking with the tongue,
but breathing with breath, seeing with the eye, hearing
with the ear, knowing with the mind, generating
with seed. Thus we have lived.' Then speech entered in.
The eye (sight) departed, and having been absent
for a year, it came back and said: `How have you
been able to live without me?' They replied: `Like blind
people, not seeing with the eye, but breathing
with the breath, speaking with the tongue, hearing with
the ear, knowing with the mind, generating with
seed. Thus we have lived.' Then the eye entered in.
The ear (hearing) departed, and having been
absent for a year, it came back and said: `How have
you been able to live without me?' They replied: `Like
deaf people, not hearing with the ear, but breathing
with the breath, speaking with the tongue, seeing with the
eye, knowing with the mind, generating with
seed. Thus we have lived.' Then the ear entered in.
The mind departed, and having been absent for a
year, it came back and said: `How have you
been able to live without me?' They replied: `Like fools,
not knowing with their mind, but breathing with
the breath, seeing with the eye, hearing with the ear,
generating with seed. Thus we have lived.' Then the
mind entered in.
The seed departed, and having been absent for a
year, it came back and said: `How have you been
able to live without me?' They replied: `Like impotent
people, not generating with seed, but breathing
with the breath, seeing with the eye, hearing with the ear,
knowing with the mind. Thus we have lived.'
Then the seed entered in.
The (vital) breath, when on the point of departing,
tore up these senses, as a great, excellent horse
of the Sindhu country might tare up the pegs to which he
is tethered. They said to him: `Sir, do not
depart. We shall not be able to live without thee.' He
said: `Then make me an offering.' They said: `Let
it be so.'
Then the tongue said: `If I am the richest, then
thou art the richest by it.' The eye said: `If I am
the firm rest, then thou art possessed of firm rest by it.'
The ear said: `If I am success, then thou art
possessed of success by it.' The mind said: `If I am the
home, thou art the home by it.' The seed said: `If I
am generation, thou art possessed of generation by it.'
He said: `What shall be food, what shall be dress
for me?'
They replied: `Whatever there is, even unto dogs, worms,
insects, and birds, that is thy food, and water thy
dress. He who thus knows the food of Ana (the breath),
by him nothing is eaten that is not (proper) food,
nothing is received that is not (proper) food. Srotriyas
(Vedic theologians) who know this, rinse the
mouth with water when they are going to eat, and rinse
the mouth with water after they have eaten,
thinking that thereby they make the breath dressed (with
water).'

Second Brahmana
Svetaketu Aruneya went to the settlement of the
Pankalas. He came near to Pravahana Gaivali,
who was walking about (surrounded by his men). As
soon as he (the king) saw him, he said: `My boy!'
Svetaketu replied: `Sir!'
Then the king said: `Have you been taught by your
father!' `Yes,' he replied.
The king said: `Do you know how men, when they
depart from here, separate from each other?'
`No,' he replied.
how they come back to this world?' `No,' he replied.
`Do you know how that world does never become full with
the many who again and again depart thither?'
`No,' he replied.
`Do you know at the offering of which libation the waters
become endowed with a human voice and rise
and speak?' `No,' he replied.
`Do you know the access to the path leading to the Devas
and to the path leading to the Fathers, i.e. by
what deeds men gain access to the path leading to the
Devas or to that leading to the Fathers? For we
have heard even the saying of a Rishi: "I heard of two
paths for men, one leading to the Fathers, the other
leading to the Devas. On those paths all that lives moves
on, whatever there is between father (sky) and
mother (earth)."'
Svetaketu said: `I do not know even one of all these
questions.'
Then the king invited him to stay and accept his
hospitality. But the boy, not caring for
hospitality, ran away, went back to his father, and said:
`Thus then you called me formerly wellinstructed!' The father said: `What then, you sage?' The
son replied: `That fellow of a Raganya asked me
five questions, and I did not know one of them.'
`What were they?' said the father.
`These were they,' the son replied, mentioning the
different heads.
The father said: `You know me, child, that
whatever I know, I told you. But come, we shall go
thither, and dwell there as students.'
`You may go, Sir,' the son replied.
Then Gautama went where (the place of) Pravahana
Gaivali was, and the king offered him a seat, ordered
water for him, and gave him the proper offerings. Then
he said to him: `Sir, we offer a boon to Gautama.'
Gautama said: `That boon is promised to me; tell
me the same speech which you made in the
presence of my boy.'
He said: `That belongs to divine boons, name one
of the human boons.'
He said: `You know well that I have plenty of gold,
plenty of cows, horses, slaves, attendants, and
apparel; do not heap on me what I have already in plenty,
in abundance, and superabundance.'
The king said: `Gautama, do you wish (for instruction from
me) in the proper way?'
Gautama replied: `I come to you as a pupil.'
In word only have former sages (though Brahmans) come
as pupils (to people of lower rank), but
Gautama actually dwelt as a pupil (of Pravahana, who
was a Raganya) in order to obtain the fame of
having respectfully served his master.
The king said: `Do not be offended with us, neither
you nor your forefathers, because this
knowledge has before now never dwelt with any
Brahmana. But I shall tell it to you, for who could refuse
you when you speak thus?
`The altar (fire), O Gautama, is that world
(heaven); the fuel is the sun itself, the smoke his rays,
the light the day, the coals the quarters, the sparks the
intermediate quarters. On that altar the Devas offer
the sraddha libation (consisting of water). From that
oblation rises Soma, the king (the moon).
`The altar, O Gautama, is Parganya (the god of
rain); the fuel is the year itself, the smoke the
clouds, the light the lightning, the coals the thunderbolt,
the sparks the thunderings. On that altar the
Devas offer Soma, the king (the moon). From that
oblation rises rain.
`The altar, O Gautama, is this world; the fuel is
the earth itself, the smoke the fire, the light the
night, the coals the moon, the sparks the stars. On that
altar the Devas offer rain. From that oblation
rises food.
`The altar, O Gautama, is man; the fuel the
opened mouth, the smoke the breath, the light the
tongue, the coals the eye, the sparks the ear. On that
altar the Devas offer food. From that oblation rises
seed.
`The altar, O Gautama, is woman. On that altar
the Devas offer seed. From that oblation rises
man. He lives so long as he lives, and then when he
dies,
`They take him to the fire (the funeral pile), and
then the altar-fire is indeed fire, the fuel fuel, the
smoke smoke, the light light, the coals coals, the sparks
sparks. In that very altar-fire the Devas offer
man, and from that oblation man rises, brilliant in colour.
`Those who thus know this (even Grihasthas),
and those who in the forest worship faith and the
True (Brahman Hiranyagarbha), go to light (arkis), from
light to day, from day to the increasing half,
from the increasing half to the six months when the sun
goes to the north, from those six months to the
world of the Devas (Devaloka), from the world of the
Devas to the sun, from the sun to the place of
lightning. When they have thus reached the place of
lightning a spirit comes near them, and leads them
to the worlds of the (conditioned) Brahman. In these
worlds of Brahman they dwell exalted for ages.
There is no returning for them.
`But they who conquer the worlds (future states)
by means of sacrifice, charity, and austerity, go
to smoke, from smoke to night, from night to the
decreasing half of the moon, from the decreasing half of
the moon to the six months when the sun goes to the
south, from these months to the world of the fathers,
from the world of the fathers to the moon. Having
reached the moon, they become food, and then the
Devas feed on them there, as sacrificers feed on Soma,
as it increases and decreases. But when this (the
result of their good works on earth) ceases, they return
again to that ether, from ether to the air, from the
air to rain, from rain to the earth. And when they have
reached the earth, they become food, they are
offered again in the altar-fire, which is man (see 11),
and thence are born in the fire of woman. Thus
they rise up towards the worlds, and go the same round
as before.
`Those, however, who know neither of these two paths,
become worms, birds, and creeping things.'

Third Brahmana
If a man wishes to reach greatness (wealth for
performing sacrifices), he performs the upasad rule
during twelve days (i.e. he lives on small quantities of
milk), beginning on an auspicious day of the light
half of the moon during the northern progress of the sun,
collecting at the same time in a cup or a dish
made of Udumbara wood all sorts of herbs, including
fruits. He sweeps the floor (near the house-altar,
avasathya), sprinkles it, lays the fire, spreads grass round
it according to rule, prepares the clarified butter
(agya), and on a day, presided over by a male star
(nakshatra), after having properly mixed the Mantha
(the herbs, fruits, milk, honey, &c.), he sacrifices (he
pours agya into the fire), saying: `O Gatavedas,
whatever adverse gods there are in thee, who defeat the
desires of men, to them I offer this portion; may
they, being pleased, please me with all desires.' Svaha!
`That cross deity who lies down, thinking that all things
are kept asunder by her, I worship thee as
propitious with this stream of ghee.' Svaha!
He then says, Svaha to the First, Svaha to the
Best, pours ghee into the fire, and throws what
remains into the Mantha (mortar).
He then says, Svaha to Breath, Svaha to her who is the
richest, pours ghee into the fire, and throws what
remains into the Mantha (mortar).
He then says, Svaha to Speech, Svaha to the Support,
pours ghee into the fire, and throws what remains
into the Mantha (mortar).
He then says, Svaha to the Eye, Svaha to Success, pours
ghee into the fire, and throws what remains into
the Mantha (mortar).
He then says, Svaha to the Ear, Svaha to the Home,
pours ghee into the fire, and throws what remains into
the Mantha (mortar).
He then says, Svaha to the Mind, Svaha to Offspring,
pours ghee into the fire, and throws what remains
into the Mantha (mortar).
He then says, Svaha to Seed, pours ghee into the fire,
and throws what remains into the Mantha (mortar).
He then says, Svaha to Agni (fire), pours ghee into
the fire, and throws what remains into the
Mantha (mortar).
He then says, Svaha to Soma, pours ghee into the fire,
and throws what remains into the Mantha (mortar).
He then says, Bhuh (earth), Svaha, pours ghee into the
fire, and throws what remains into the Mantha
(mortar).
He then says, Bhuvah (sky), Svaha, pours ghee into the
fire, and throws what remains into the Mantha
(mortar).
He then says, Svah (heaven), Svaha, pours ghee into the
fire, and throws what remains into the Mantha
(mortar).
He then says, Bhur, Bhuvah, Svah, Svaha, pours ghee
into the fire, and throws what remains into the
Mantha (mortar).
He then says, Svaha to Brahman (the priesthood), pours
ghee into the fire, and throws what remains into
the Mantha (mortar).
He then says, Svaha to Kshatra (the knighthood), pours
ghee into the fire, and throws what remains into
the Mantha (mortar).
He then says, Svaha to the Past, pours ghee into the fire,
and throws what remains into the Mantha
(mortar).
He then says, Svaha to the Future, pours ghee into the
fire, and throws what remains into the Mantha
(mortar).
He then says, Svaha, to the Universe, pours ghee into the
fire, and throws what remains into the Mantha
(mortar).
He then says, Svaha to all things, pours ghee into the fire,
and throws what remains into the Mantha
(mortar).
He then says, Svaha to Pragapati, pours ghee into the
fire, and throws what remains into the Mantha
(mortar).
Then he touches it (the Mantha, which is
dedicated to Prana, breath), saying: `Thou art fleet (as
breath). Thou art burning (as fire). Thou art full (as
Brahman). Thou art firm (as the sky). Thou art the
abode of all (as the earth). Thou hast been saluted with
Hin (at the beginning of the sacrifice by the
prastotri). Thou art saluted with Hin (in the middle of the
sacrifice by the prastotri). Thou hast been sung
(by the udgatri at the beginning of the sacrifice). Thou art
sung (by the udgatri in the middle of the
sacrifice). Thou hast been celebrated (by the adhvaryu at
the beginning of the sacrifice). Thou art
celebrated again (by the agnidhra in the middle of the
sacrifice). Thou art bright in the wet (cloud). Thou
art great. Thou art powerful. Thou art food (as Soma).
Thou art light (as Agni, fire, the eater). Thou art
the end. Thou art the absorption (of all things).'
Then he holds it (the Mantha) forth, saying: `Thou
knowest all, we know thy greatness. He is
indeed a king, a ruler, the highest lord. May that king,
that ruler make me the highest lord.'
Then he eats it, saying: `Tat savitur varenyam (We
meditate on that adorable light) The winds
drop honey for the righteous, the rivers drop honey, may
our plants be sweet as honey! Bhuh (earth)
Svaha!
`Bhargo devasya dhimahi (of the divine Savitri) May the
night be honey in the morning, may the air
above the earth, may heaven, our father, be honey!
Bhuvah (sky) Svaha!
`Dhiyo yo nah prokodayat (who should rouse our
thoughts) May the tree be full of honey, may the sun
be full of honey, may our cows be sweet like honey!
Svah (heaven) Svaha!'
He repeats the whole Savitri verse, and all the verses
about the honey, thinking, May I be all this! Bhur,
Bhuvah, Svah, Svaha! Having thus swallowed all, he
washes his hands, and sits down behind the altar,
turning his head to the East. In the morning he worships
Aditya (the sun), with the hymn, `Thou art the
best lotus of the four quarters, may I become the best
lotus among men.' Then returning as he came, he
sits down behind the altar and recites the genealogical
list.
Uddalaka Aruni told this (Mantha-doctrine) to his
pupil Vagasaneya Yagnavalkya, and said: `If a
man were to pour it on a dry stick, branches would grow,
and leaves spring forth.'
Vagasaneya Yagnavalkya told the same to his
pupil Madhuka Paingya, and said: `If a man were to
pour it on a dry stick, branches would grow, and leaves
spring forth.'
Madhuka Paingya told the same to his pupil Kula
Bhagavitti, and said: `If a man were to pour it on
a dry stick, branches would grow, and leaves spring forth.'
Kula Bhagavitti told the same to his pupil Ganaki
Ayasthuna, and said: `If a man were to pour it
on a dry stick, branches would grow, and leaves spring
forth.'
Ganaki Ayasthuna told the same to his pupil
Satyakama Gabala, and said: `If a man were to pour
it on a dry stick, branches would grow, and leaves spring
forth.'
Satyakama Gabala told the same to his pupils,
and said: `If a man were to pour it on a dry stick,
branches would grow, and leaves spring forth.'
Let no one tell this to any one, except to a son or to a
pupil.
Four things are made of the wood of the
Udumbara tree, the sacrificial ladle (sruva), the cup
(kamasa), the fuel, and the two churning sticks.
There are ten kinds of village (cultivated) seeds, viz. rice
and barley (brihiyavas), sesamum and kidney-
beans (tilamashas), millet and panic seed
(anupriyangavas), wheat (godhumas), lentils (masuras),
pulse
(khalvas), and vetches (khalakulas). After having ground
these he sprinkles them with curds (dadhi),
honey, and ghee, and then offers (the proper portions) of
clarified butter (agya).

Fourth Brahmana
The earth is the essence of all these things, water
is the essence of the earth, plants of water,
flowers of plants, fruits of flowers, man of fruits, seed of
man.
And Pragapati thought, let me make an abode for
him, and he created a woman (Satarupa).
Tam srishtvadha upasta, tasmat striyam adha upasita.
Sa etam prankam gravanam atmana eva
samudaparayat, tenainam abhyasrigat.
Tasya vedir upastho, lomani barhis,
karmadhishavane, samiddho madhyatas, tau mushkau.
Sa
yavan ha vai vagapeyena yagamanasya loko bhavati
tavan asya loko bhavati ya evam vidvan adhopahasam
karaty a sa strinam sukritam vrinkte 'tha ya idam avidvan
adhopahasam karaty asya striyah sukritam
vringate.
Etad dha sma vai tadvidvan Uddalaka Arunir
ahaitad dha sma vai tadvidvan Nako Maudgalya
ahaitad dha sma vai tadvidvan Kumaraharita aha, bahavo
marya brahmanayana nirindriya visukrito'smal
lokat prayanti ya idam avidvamso `dhopahasam karantiti.
Bahu va idam suptasya va gagrato va retah
skandati,
Tad abhimrised anu va mantrayeta yan me 'dya
retah prithivim askantsid yad oshadhir apy asarad
yad apah, idam aham tad reta adade punar mam aitv
indriyam punas tegah punar bhagah, punar agnayo
dhishnya yathasthanam kalpantam, ity
anamikangushthabhyam adayantarena stanau va
bhruvau va
nimringyat.
If a man see himself in the water, he should recite
the following verse: `May there be in me
splendour, strength, glory, wealth, virtue.'
She is the best of women whose garments are pure.
Therefore let him approach a woman whose garments
are pure, and whose fame is pure, and address her.
If she do not give in, let him, as he likes, bribe her
(with presents). And if she then do not give in,
let him, as he likes, beat her with a stick or with his hand,
and overcome her, saying: `With manly
strength and glory I take away thy glory,' and thus she
becomes unglorious.
If she give in, he says: `With manly strength and
glory I give thee glory,' and thus they both
become glorious.
Sa yam ikkhet kamayeta meti tasyam artham
nishtaya mukhena mukham sandhayopastham asya
abhimrisya gaped angadangat sambhavasi hridayad adhi
gayase, sa tvam angakashayo 'si digdhaviddham
iva madayemam amum mayiti.
Atha yam ikkhen na garbham dadhiteti tasyam
artham nishtaya mukhena mukham
sandhayabhipranyapanyad indriyena te retasa reta adada
ity areta eva bhavati.
Atha yam ikkhed garbham dadhiteti tasyam
artham nishtaya mukhena mukham
sandhayapanyabhipranyad indriyena te retasa reta
adadhamiti garbhiny eva bhavati.
Now again, if a man's wife has a lover and the
husband hates him, let him (according to rule)
place fire by an unbaked jar, spread a layer of arrows in
inverse order, anoint these three arrow-heads with
butter in inverse order, and sacrifice, saying: `Thou hast
sacrificed in my fire, I take away thy up and
down breathing, I here.'
`Thou hast sacrificed in my fire, I take away thy sons and
cattle, I here.'
`Thou hast sacrificed in my fire, I take away thy sacred
and thy good works, I here.'
`Thou hast sacrificed in my fire, I take away thy hope and
expectation, I here.'
He whom a Brahmana who knows this curses, departs
from this world without strength and without good
works. Therefore let no one wish even for sport with the
wife of a Srotriya who knows this, for he who
knows this, is a dangerous enemy.
When the monthly illness seizes his wife, she
should for three days not drink from a metal vessel,
and wear a fresh dress. Let no Vrishala or Vrishali (a
Sudra man or woman) touch her. At the end of the
three days, when she has bathed, the husband should
make her pound rice.
And if a man wishes that a white son should be
born to him, and that he should know one Veda,
and live to his full age, then, after having prepared boiled
rice with milk and butter, they should both eat,
being fit to have offspring.
And if a man wishes that a reddish son with
tawny eyes should be born to him, and that he should
know two Vedas, and live to his full age, then, after
having prepared boiled rice with coagulated milk and
butter, they should both eat, being fit to have offspring.
And if a man wishes that a dark son should be
born to him with red eyes, and that he should
know three Vedas, and live to his full age, then, after
having prepared boiled rice with water and butter,
they should both eat, being fit to have offspring.
And if a man wishes that a learned daughter
should be born to him, and that she should live to
her full age, then, after having prepared boiled rice with
sesamum and butter, they should both eat, being
fit to have offspring.
And if a man wishes that a learned son should be
born to him, famous, a public man, a popular
speaker, that he should know all the Vedas, and that he
should live to his full age, then, after having
prepared boiled rice with meat and butter, they should
both eat, being fit to have offspring. The meat
should be of a young or of an old bull.
And then toward morning, after having, according
to the rule of the Sthalipaka (pot-boiling),
performed the preparation of the Agya (clarified butter),
he sacrifices from the Sthalipaka bit by bit,
saying: `This is for Agni, Svaha! This is for Anumati,
Svaha! This is for the divine Savitri, the true
creator, Svaha!' Having sacrificed, he takes out the rest
of the rice and eats it, and after having eaten, he
gives it to his wife. Then he washes his hands, fills a
water-jar, and sprinkles her thrice with it, saying:
`Rise hence, O Visvavasu, seek another blooming girl, a
wife with her husband.'
Then he embraces her, and says: `I am Ama
(breath), thou art Sa (speech). Thou art Sa (speech),
I am Ama (breath). I am the Saman, thou art the Rik. I
am the sky, thou art the earth. Come, let us
strive together, that a male child may be begotten.'
Athasya uru vihapayati, vigihitham dyavaprithivi
iti tasyam artham nishtaya mukhena mukham
sandhaya trir enam anulomam anumarshti, Vishnur yonim
kalpayatu, Tvashta rupani pimsatu, asinkatu
Pragapatir Dhata garbham dadhatu te. Garbham dhehi
Sinivali, garbham dhehi prithushtuke, garbham te
Asvinau devav adhattam pushkarasragau.
Hiranmayi arani yabhyam nirmanthatam asvinau,
tam te garbham havamahe dasame masi sutave.
Yathagnigarbha prithivi, yatha dyaur indrena garbhini,
vayur disam yatha garbha evam garbham dadhami
te 'sav iti.
Soshyantim adbhir abhyukshati. Yatha vayuh
pushkarinim samingayati sarvatah, eva te garbha
egatu sahavaitu garayuna. Indrasyayam vragah kritah
sargalah saparisrayah, tam indra nirgahi garbhena
savaram saheti.
When the child is born, he prepares the fire,
places the child on his lap, and having poured
prishadagya, i.e. dadhi (thick milk) mixed with ghrita
(clarified butter) into a metal jug, he sacrifices bit
by bit of that prishadagya, saying: `May I, as I increase in
this my house, nourish a thousand! May
fortune never fail in his race, with offspring and cattle,
Svaha!'
`I offer to thee in my mind the vital breaths which are in
me, Svaha!'
`Whatever in my work I have done too much, or whatever
I have here done too little, may the wise Agni
Svishtakrit make this right and proper for us, Svaha!'
Then putting his mouth near the child's right ear,
he says thrice, Speech, speech! After that he
pours together thick milk, honey, and clarified butter, and
feeds the child with (a ladle of) pure gold,
saying: `I give thee Bhuh, I give thee Bhuvah, I give thee
Svah. Bhur, Bhuvah, Svah, I give thee all.'
Then he gives him his name, saying: `Thou art
Veda;' but this is his secret name.
Then he hands the boy to his mother and gives
him her breast, saying: `O Sarasvati, that breast of
thine which is inexhaustible, delightful, abundant, wealthy,
generous, by which thou cherishest all
blessings, make that to flow here.'
Then he addresses the mother of the boy: `Thou
art Ila Maitravaruni: thou strong woman hast
born a strong boy. Be thou blessed with strong children
thou who hast blessed me with a strong child.'
And they say of such a boy: `Ah, thou art better than thy
father; ah, thou art better than thy grandfather.
Truly he has reached the highest point in happiness,
praise, and Vedic glory who is born as the son of a
Brahmana that knows this.'

Fifth Brahmana
Now follows the stem:
Pautimashiputra from Katyayaniputra,
Katyayaniputra from Gotamiputra,
Gotamiputra from Bharadvagiputra,
Bharadvagiputra from Parasariputra,
Parasariputra from Aupasvatiputra,
Aupasvatiputra from Parasariputra,
Parasariputra from Katyayaniputra,
Katyayaniputra from Kausikiputra,
Kausikiputra from Alambiputra and
Vaiyaghrapadiputra,
Alambiputra and Vaiyaghrapadiputra from
Kanviputra,
Kanviputra from Kapiputra,
Kapiputra
from Atreyiputra,
Atreyiputra from Gautamiputra,
Gautamiputra from Bharadvagiputra,
Bharadvagiputra from Parasariputra,
Parasariputra from Vatsiputra,
Vatsiputra from Parasariputra,
Parasariputra from Varkaruniputra,
Varkaruniputra from Varkaruniputra,
Varkaruniputra from Artabhagiputra,
Artabhagiputra from Saungiputra,
Saungiputra from Sankritiputra,
Sankritiputra from Alambayaniputra,
Alambayaniputra from Alambiputra,
Alambiputra from Gayantiputra,
Gayantiputra from Mandukayaniputra,
Mandukayaniputra from Mandukiputra,
Mandukiputra from Sandiliputra,
Sandiliputra from Rathitariputra,
Rathitariputra from Bhalukiputra,
Bhalukiputra from Kraunkikiputrau,
Kraunkikiputrau from Vaittabhatiputra,
Vaittabhatiputra from Karsakeyiputra,
Karsakeyiputra from Prakinayogiputra,
Prakinayogiputra from Sangiviputra,
Sangiviputra from Prasniputra Asurivasin,
Prasniputra Asurivasin from Asurayana,
Asurayana from Asuri,
Asuri
from Yagnavalkya,
Yagnavalkya from Uddalaka,
Uddalaka from Aruna,
Aruna from Upavesi,
Upavesi from Kusri,
Kusri from Vagasravas,
Vagasravas from Gihvavat Vadhyoga,
Gihvavat Vadhyoga from Asita Varshagana,
Asita Varshagana from Harita Kasyapa,
Harita Kasyapa from Silpa Kasyapa,
Silpa Kasyapa from Kasyapa Naidhruvi,
Kasyapa Naidhruvi from Vak,
Vak from Ambhini,
Ambhini from Aditya, the Sun.
As coming from Aditya, the Sun, these pure Yagus
verses have been proclaimed by Yagnavalkya
Vagasaneya.
The same as far as Sangiviputra (No. 36), then
Sangiviputra from Mandukayani,
Mandukayani from Mandavya,
Mandavya from Kautsa,
Kautsa from Mahitthi,
Mahitthi from Vamakakshayana,
Vamakakshayana from Sandilya,
Sandilya from Vatsya,
Vatsya from Kusri,
Kusri from Yagnavakas Ragastambayana,
Yagnavakas Ragastambayana from Tura
Kavasheya,
Tura Kavasheya from Pragapati,
Pragapati from Brahman,
Brahman is Svayambhu, self-existent.
Adoration to Brahman!
Svetasvatara-Upanishad
First Adhyaya
The Brahma-students say: Is Brahman the cause?
Whence are we born? Whereby do we live, and
whither do we go? O ye who know Brahman, (tell us) at
whose command we abide, whether in pain or in
pleasure?
Should time, or nature, or necessity, or chance, or
the elements be considered as the cause, or he who
is called the person (purusha, vignanatma)? It cannot be
their union either, because that is not selfdependent, and the self also is powerless, because there
is (independent of him) a cause of good and evil.
The sages, devoted to meditation and concentration,
have seen the power belonging to God himself,
hidden in its own qualities (guna). He, being one,
superintends all those causes, time, self, and the rest.
We meditate on him who (like a wheel) has one felly
with three tires, sixteen ends, fifty spokes, with
twenty counter-spokes, and six sets of eight; whose one
rope is manifold, who proceeds on three different
roads, and whose illusion arises from two causes.
We meditate on the river whose water consists of the
five streams, which is wild and winding with its
five springs, whose waves are the five vital breaths,
whose fountain head is the mind, the course of the
five kinds of perceptions. It has five whirlpools, its rapids
are the five pains; it has fifty kinds of suffering,
and five branches.
In that vast Brahma-wheel, in which all things live
and rest, the bird flutters about, so long as he
thinks that the self (in him) is different from the mover (the
god, the lord). When he has been blessed by
him, then he gains immortality.
But what is praised (in the Upanishads) is the
Highest Brahman, and in it there is the triad. The
Highest Brahman is the safe support, it is imperishable.
The Brahma-students, when they have known
what is within this (world), are devoted and merged in the
Brahman, free from birth.
The Lord (isa) supports all this together, the
perishable and the imperishable, the developed and the
undeveloped. The (living) self, not being a lord, is bound,
because he has to enjoy (the fruits of works);
but when he has known the god (deva), he is freed from
all fetters.
There are two, one knowing (isvara), the other notknowing (giva), both unborn, one strong, the
other weak; there is she, the unborn, through whom each
man receives the recompense of his works; and
there is the infinite Self (appearing) under all forms, but
himself inactive. When a man finds out these
three, that is Brahma.
That which is perishable is the Pradhana (the first),
the immortal and imperishable is Hara. The
one god rules the perishable (the pradhana) and the
(living) self. From meditating on him, from joining
him, from becoming one with him there is further
cessation of all illusion in the end.
When that god is known, all fetters fall off,
sufferings are destroyed, and birth and death cease.
From meditating on him there arises, on the dissolution of
the body, the third state, that of universal
lordship; but he only who is alone, is satisfied.
This, which rests eternally within the self, should be
known; and beyond this not anything has to be
known. By knowing the enjoyer, the enjoyed, and the
ruler, everything has been declared to be threefold,
and this is Brahman.
As the form of fire, while it exists in the under-wood,
is not seen, nor is its seed destroyed, but it has
to be seized again and again by means of the stick and
the under-wood, so it is in both cases, and the Self
has to be seized in the body by means of the pranava
(the syllable Om).
By making his body the under-wood, and the
syllable Om the upper-wood, man, after repeating the
drill of meditation, will perceive the bright god, like the
spark hidden in the wood.
As oil in seeds, as butter in cream, as water in (dry)
river-beds, as fire in wood, so is the Self seized
within the self, if man looks for him by truthfulness and
penance;
(If he looks) for the Self that pervades everything,
as butter is contained in milk, and the roots
whereof are self-knowledge and penance. That is the
Brahman taught by the Upanishad.
Second Adhyaya
Savitri (the sun), having first collected his mind and
expanded his thoughts, brought Agni (fire),
when he had discovered his light, above the earth.
With collected minds we are at the command of the
divine Savitri, that we may obtain blessedness.
May Savitri, after he has reached with his mind the
gods as they rise up to the sky, and with his
thoughts (has reached) heaven, grant these gods to
make a great light to shine.
The wise sages of the great sage collect their mind
and collect their thoughts. He who alone knows
the law (Savitri) has ordered the invocations; great is the
praise of the divine Savitri.
Your old prayer has to be joined with praises. Let
my song go forth like the path of the sun! May all
the sons of the Immortal listen, they who have reached
their heavenly homes.
Where the fire is rubbed, where the wind is checked,
where the Soma flows over, there the mind is
born.
Let us love the old Brahman by the grace of Savitri;
if thou make thy dwelling there, the path will
not hurt thee.
If a wise man hold his body with its three erect parts
(chest, neck, and head) even, and turn his
senses with the mind towards the heart, he will then in the
boat of Brahman cross all the torrents which
cause fear.
Compressing his breathings let him, who has
subdued all motions, breathe forth through the nose
with gentle breath. Let the wise man without fail restrain
his mind, that chariot yoked with vicious
horses.
Let him perform his exercises in a place level, pure,
free from pebbles, fire, and dust, delightful by
its sounds, its water, and bowers, not painful to the eye,
and full of shelters and caves.
When Yoga is being performed, the forms which
come first, producing apparitions in Brahman, are
those of misty smoke, sun, fire, wind, fire-flies, lightnings,
and a crystal moon.
When, as earth, water, light, heat, and ether arise,
the fivefold quality of Yoga takes place, then
there is no longer illness, old age, or pain for him who has
obtained a body, produced by the fire of Yoga.
The first results of Yoga they call lightness,
healthiness, steadiness, a good complexion, an easy
pronunciation, a sweet odour, and slight excretions.
As a metal disk (mirror), tarnished by dust, shines
bright again after it has been cleaned, so is the
one incarnate person satisfied and free from grief, after
he has seen the real nature of the self.
And when by means of the real nature of his self he
sees, as by a lamp, the real nature of Brahman,
then having known the unborn, eternal god, who is
beyond all natures, he is freed from all fetters.
He indeed is the god who pervades all regions: he
is the first-born (as Hiranyagarbha), and he is in
the womb. He has been born, and he will be born. He
stands behind all persons, looking everywhere.
The god who is in the fire, the god who is in the
water, the god who has entered into the whole
world, the god who is in plants, the god who is in trees,
adoration be to that god, adoration!
Third Adhyaya
The snarer who rules alone by his powers, who rules
all the worlds by his powers, who is one and the
same, while things arise and exist, they who know this
are immortal.
For there is one Rudra only, they do not allow a
second, who rules all the worlds by his powers. He
stands behind all persons, and after having created all
worlds he, the protector, rolls it up at the end of
time.
That one god, having his eyes, his face, his arms,
and his feet in every place, when producing heaven
and earth, forges them together with his arms and his
wings.
He, the creator and supporter of the gods, Rudra,
the great seer, the lord of all, he who formerly gave
birth to Hiranyagarbha, may he endow us with good
thoughts.
O Rudra, thou dweller in the mountains, look upon
us with that most blessed form of thine which is
auspicious, not terrible, and reveals no evil!
O lord of the mountains, make lucky that arrow
which thou, a dweller in the mountains, holdest in
thy hand to shoot. Do not hurt man or beast!
Those who know beyond this the High Brahman, the
vast, hidden in the bodies of all creatures, and
alone enveloping everything, as the Lord, they become
immortal.
I know that great person (purusha) of sunlike lustre
beyond the darkness. A man who knows him
truly, passes over death; there is no other path to go.
This whole universe is filled by this person
(purusha), to whom there is nothing superior, from whom
there is nothing different, than whom there is nothing
smaller or larger, who stands alone, fixed like a tree
in the sky.
That which is beyond this world is without form and
without suffering. They who know it, become
immortal, but others suffer pain indeed.
That Bhagavat exists in the faces, the heads, the
necks of all, he dwells in the cave (of the heart) of
all beings, he is all-pervading, therefore he is the
omnipresent Siva.
That person (purusha) is the great lord; he is the
mover of existence, he possesses that purest power
of reaching everything, he is light, he is undecaying.
The person (purusha), not larger than a thumb,
dwelling within, always dwelling in the heart of
man, is perceived by the heart, the thought, the mind:
they who know it become immortal.
The person (purusha) with a thousand heads, a
thousand eyes, a thousand feet, having compassed
the earth on every side, extends beyond it by ten fingers'
breadth.
That person alone (purusba) is all this, what has
been and what will be; he is also the lord of
immortality; he is whatever grows by food.
Its hands and feet are everywhere, its eyes and
head are everywhere, its ears are everywhere, it
stands encompassing all in the world.
Separate from all the senses, yet reflecting the
qualities of all the senses, it is the lord and ruler of
all, it is the great refuge of all.
The embodied spirit within the town with nine
gates, the bird, flutters outwards, the ruler of the
whole world, of all that rests and of all that moves.
Grasping without hands, hasting without feet, he
sees without eyes, he hears without ears. He
knows what can be known, but no one knows him; they
call him the first, the great person (purusha).
The Self, smaller than small, greater than great, is
hidden in the heart of the creature. A man who
has left all grief behind, sees the majesty, the Lord, the
passionless, by the grace of the creator (the Lord).
I know this undecaying, ancient one, the self of all
things, being infinite and omnipresent. They
declare that in him all birth is stopped, for the Brahmastudents proclaim him to be eternal.
Fourth Adhyaya
He, the sun, without any colour, who with set
purpose by means of his power (sakti) produces endless
colours, in whom all this comes together in the beginning,
and comes asunder in the end may he, the
god, endow us with good thoughts.
That (Self) indeed is Agni (fire), it is Aditya (sun), it is
Vayu (wind), it is Kandramas (moon); the
same also is the starry firmament, it is Brahman
(Hiranyagarbha), it is water, it is Pragapati (Virag).
Thou art woman, thou art man; thou art youth, thou
art maiden; thou, as an old man, totterest along
on thy staff; thou art born with thy face turned
everywhere.
Thou art the dark-blue bee, thou art the green parrot
with red eyes, thou art the thunder-cloud, the
seasons, the seas. Thou art without beginning, because
thou art infinite, thou from whom all worlds are
born.
There is one unborn being (female), red, white, and
black, uniform, but producing manifold
offspring. There is one unborn being (male) who loves
her and lies by her; there is another who leaves
her, while she is eating what has to be eaten.
Two birds, inseparable friends, cling to the same
tree. One of them eats the sweet fruit, the other
looks on without eating.
On the same tree man sits grieving, immersed,
bewildered, by his own impotence (an-isa). But when
he sees the other lord (isa) contented, and knows his
glory, then his grief passes away.
He who does not know that indestructible being of
the Rig-veda, that highest ether-like (Self)
wherein all the gods reside, of what use is the Rig-veda to
him? Those only who know it, rest contented.
That from which the maker (mayin) sends forth all
this the sacred verses, the offerings, the
sacrifices, the panaceas, the past, the future, and all that
the Vedas declare in that the other is bound up
through that maya.
Know then Prakriti (nature) is Maya (art), and the
great Lord the Mayin (maker); the whole world
is filled with what are his members.
If a man has discerned him, who being one only,
rules over every germ (cause), in whom all this
comes together and comes asunder again, who is the
lord, the bestower of blessing, the adorable god, then
he passes for ever into that peace.
He, the creator and supporter of the gods, Rudra,
the great seer, the lord of all, who saw
Hiranyagarbha being born, may he endow us with good
thoughts.
He who is the sovereign of the gods, he in whom all
the worlds rest, he who rules over all twofooted and four-footed beings, to that god let us sacrifice
an oblation.
He who has known him who is more subtile than
subtile, in the midst of chaos, creating all things,
having many forms, alone enveloping everything, the
happy one (Siva), passes into peace for ever.
He also was in time the guardian of this world, the
lord of all, hidden in all beings. In him the
Brahmarshis and the deities are united, and he who
knows him cuts the fetters of death asunder.
He who knows Siva (the blessed) hidden in all
beings, like the subtile film that rises from out the
clarified butter, alone enveloping everything, he who
knows the god, is freed from all fetters.
That god, the maker of all things, the great Self,
always dwelling in the heart of man, is perceived
by the heart, the soul, the mind; they who know it
become immortal.
When the light has risen, there is no day, no night,
neither existence nor non-existence; Siva (the
blessed) alone is there. That is the eternal, the adorable
light of Savitri, and the ancient wisdom
proceeded thence.
No one has grasped him above, or across, or in the
middle. There is no image of him whose name
is Great Glory.
His form cannot be seen, no one perceives him
with the eye. Those who through heart and mind
know him thus abiding in the heart, become immortal.
`Thou art unborn,' with these words some one
comes near to thee, trembling. O Rudra, let thy
gracious face protect me for ever!
O Rudra! hurt us not in our offspring and
descendants, hurt us not in our own lives, nor in our
cows, nor in our horses! Do not slay our men in thy
wrath, for, holding oblations, we call on thee always.
Fifth Adhyaya
In the imperishable and infinite Highest Brahman,
wherein the two, knowledge and ignorance, are
hidden, the one, ignorance, perishes, the other,
knowledge, is immortal; but he who controls both,
knowledge and ignorance, is another.
It is he who, being one only, rules over every germ
(cause), over all forms, and over all germs; it is
he who, in the beginning, bears in his thoughts the wise
son, the fiery, whom he wishes to look on while
he is born.
In that field in which the god, after spreading out one
net after another in various ways, draws it
together again, the Lord, the great Self, having further
created the lords, thus carries on his lordship over
all.
As the car (of the sun) shines, lighting up all
quarters, above, below, and across, thus does that god,
the holy, the adorable, being one, rule over all that has
the nature of a germ.
He, being one, rules over all and everything, so that
the universal germ ripens its nature, diversifies
all natures that can be ripened, and determines all
qualities.
Brahma (Hiranyagarbha) knows this, which is hidden
in the Upanishads, which are hidden in the
Vedas, as the Brahma-germ. The ancient gods and
poets who knew it, they became it and were immortal.
But he who is endowed with qualities, and performs
works that are to bear fruit, and enjoys the
reward of whatever he has done, migrates through his
own works, the lord of life, assuming all forms, led
by the three Gunas, and following the three paths.
That lower one also, not larger than a thumb, but
brilliant like the sun, who is endowed with
personality and thoughts, with the quality of mind and the
quality of body, is seen small even like the
point of a goad.
That living soul is to be known as part of the
hundredth part of the point of a hair, divided a hundred
times, and yet it is to be infinite.
It is not woman, it is not man, nor is it neuter;
whatever body it takes, with that it is joined (only).
By means of thoughts, touching, seeing, and
passions the incarnate Self assumes successively in
various places various forms, in accordance with his
deeds, just as the body grows when food and drink
are poured into it.
That incarnate Self, according to his own qualities,
chooses (assumes) many shapes, coarse or
subtile, and having himself caused his union with them,
he is seen as another and another, through the
qualities of his acts, and through the qualities of his body.
He who knows him who has no beginning and no
end, in the midst of chaos, creating all things,
having many forms, alone enveloping everything, is freed
from all fetters.
Those who know him who is to be grasped by the
mind, who is not to be called the nest (the body),
who makes existence and non-existence, the happy one
(Siva), who also creates the elements, they have
left the body.
Sixth Adhyaya
Some wise men, deluded, speak of Nature, and
others of Time (as the cause of everything); but it is
the greatness of God by which this Brahma-wheel is
made to turn.
It is at the command of him who always covers this
world, the knower, the time of time, who
assumes qualities and all knowledge, it is at his command
that this work (creation) unfolds itself, which is
called earth, water, fire, air, and ether;
He who, after he has done that work and rested
again, and after he has brought together one essence
(the self) with the other (matter), with one, two, three, or
eight, with time also and with the subtile
qualities of the mind,
Who, after starting the works endowed with (the
three) qualities, can order all things, yet when, in
the absence of all these, he has caused the destruction of
the work, goes on, being in truth different (from
all he has produced);
He is the beginning, producing the causes which
unite (the soul with the body), and, being above the
three kinds of time (past, present, future), he is seen as
without parts, after we have first worshipped that
adorable god, who has many forms, and who is the true
source (of all things), as dwelling in our own
mind.
He is beyond all the forms of the tree (of the world)
and of time, he is the other, from whom this
world moves round, when one has known him who brings
good and removes evil, the lord of bliss, as
dwelling within the self, the immortal, the support of all.
Let us know that highest great lord of lords, the
highest deity of deities, the master of masters, the
highest above, as god, the lord of the world, the adorable.
There is no effect and no cause known of him, no
one is seen like unto him or better; his high power
is revealed as manifold, as inherent, acting as force and
knowledge.
There is no master of his in the world, no ruler of his,
not even a sign of him. He is the cause, the
lord of the lords of the organs, and there is of him neither
parent nor lord.
That only god who spontaneously covered himself,
like a spider, with threads drawn from the first
cause (pradhana), grant us entrance into Brahman.
He is the one God, hidden in all beings, allpervading, the self within all beings, watching over all
works, dwelling in all beings, the witness, the perceiver,
the only one, free from qualities.
He is the one ruler of many who (seem to act, but
really do) not act; he makes the one seed
manifold. The wise who perceive him within their self, to
them belongs eternal happiness, not to others.
He is the eternal among eternals, the thinker
among thinkers, who, though one, fulfils the desires of
many. He who has known that cause which is to be
apprehended by Sankhya (philosophy) and Yoga
(religious discipline), he is freed from all fetters.
The sun does not shine there, nor the moon and
the stars, nor these lightnings, and much less this
fire. When he shines, everything shines after him; by his
light all this is lightened.
He is the one bird in the midst of the world; he is
also (like) the fire (of the sun) that has set in the
ocean. A man who knows him truly, passes over death;
there is no other path to go.
He makes all, he knows all, the self-caused, the
knower, the time of time (destroyer of time), who
assumes qualities and knows everything, the master of
nature and of man, the lord of the three qualities
(guna), the cause of the bondage, the existence, and the
liberation of the world.
He who has become that, he is the immortal,
remaining the lord, the knower, the ever-present
guardian of this world, who rules this world for ever, for no
one else is able to rule it.
Seeking for freedom I go for refuge to that God who
is the light of his own thoughts, he who first
creates Brahman (m.) and delivers the Vedas to him;
Who is without parts, without actions, tranquil,
without fault, without taint, the highest bridge to
immortality like a fire that has consumed its fuel.
Only when men shall roll up the sky like a hide, will
there be an end of misery, unless God has first
been known.
Through the power of his penance and through the
grace of God has the wise Svetasvatara truly
proclaimed Brahman, the highest and holiest, to the best
of ascetics, as approved by the company of
Rishis.
This highest mystery in the Vedanta, delivered in a
former age, should not be given to one whose
passions have not been subdued, nor to one who is not a
son, or who is not a pupil.
If these truths have been told to a high-minded
man, who feels the highest devotion for God, and
for his Guru as for God, then they will shine forth, then
they will shine forth indeed.
Commentary
Note: These two verses are again extremely
obscure, and the explanations of the commentators throw
little light on the their real, original meaning. To begin
with Sankara, he assumes the subject to be the
same as he at whose command this work unfolds itself,
and explains tattvasya tattvena sametya yogam by
atmano bhumyadina yogam samgamayya. As the eight
Tattvas he gives earth, water, fire, air, ether,
mind, thought, personality, while the Atmagunas are,
according to him, the affections of the mind, love,
anger, &c. In the second verse, however, Sankara
seems to assume a different subject. `If a man,' he says,
`having done works, infected by qualities, should transfer
them on Isvara, the Lord, there would be
destruction of the works formerly done by him, because
there would be no more connection with the self.'
Something is left out, but that this is Sankara's idea,
appears from the verses which he quotes in support,
and which are intended to show that Yogins, transfering
all their acts, good, bad, or indifferent, on
Brahman, are no longer affected by them. `That person,'
Sankara continues, `his works being destroyed
and his nature purified, moves on, different from all things
(tattva), from all the results of ignorance,
knowing himself to be Brahman.' `Or,' he adds, `if we
read anyad, it means, he goes to that Brahman
which is differen from all things.'
Sankarananda takes a different view. He says: `If a man
has performed sacrifices, and has finished them,
or, has turned away from them again as vain, and if he
has obtained union with that which is the real of
the (apparently) real, &c.' The commentator then asks
what is that with which he obtains union, and
replies, `the one, i.e. ignorance; the two, i.e. right and
wrong; the three, i.e. the three colours, red white,
and black; and the eight, i.e. the five elements, with mind,
thought, and personality; also with time, and
with the subtile affections of the mind.' He then goes on,
`If that man, after having begun qualified
works, should take on himself all states (resulting from
ignorance), yet, when these states cease, there
would be an end of the work, good or bad, done by him,
and when his work has come to an end, he abides
in truth (according to the Veda); while the other, who
differs from the Veda, is wrong.' Sankarananda,
however, evidently feels that this is a doubtful
interpretation, and he suggests another, viz. `If the Lord
himself,' he says, `determined these states (bhava), it
would seem that there would be no end of samsara.
He therefore says, that when these states, ignorance &c.,
cease, the work done by man ceases; and when
the work done ceases, the living soul gets free of
samsara, being in truth another, i.e. different from
ignorance and its products.'
Vignanatman says: `If a man, having done work, turns
away from it, and obtains union of one tattva (the
tvam, or self) with the real tatta (the tat, or the Lord); and
how? By means of the one, i.e. the teaching
of the Guru; the two, i.e. love of the Guru and of the Lord;
the three, i.e. hearing remembering, and
meditating; the eight, i.e. restraint, penance, postures,
regulation of the breath, abstraction, devotion,
contemplation, and meditation (Yoga-sutras II, 29); by
time, i.e. the right time for work; by the qualities
of the self, i.e. pity, &c.; by the subtile ones, i.e. the good
dispositions for knowledge, then (we must
supply) he becomes free.' And this he explains more fully
in the next verse. `If, after having done
qualified works, i.e. works to please the Lord, a Yati
discards all things, and recognises the phenomenal
character of all states, and traces them back to their real
source, the work done ceases also in its effects,
and when the work has been annihilated, he goes to
freedom, being another in truth; or, if we read anyat,
he goes to what is different from all these things, namely,
to the Lord; or, he goes to a state of perfect
lordship in truth, having discovered the highest truth, the
oneness of the self with the Highest Self.'
I think that, judging from the context, the subject is really
the same in both verses, viz. the Lord, as
passing through different states, and at last knowing
himself to be above them all. Yet, the other
explanations may be defended, and if the subject were
taken to be different in each verse, some difficulties
would disappear.
Prasna-Upanishad
First Question
Adoration to the Highest Self! Harih, Om!
Sukesas Bharadvaga, and Saivya Satyakama, and
Sauryayanin Gargya, and Kausalya Asvalayana,
and Bhargava Vaidarbhi, and Kabandhin Katyayana,
these were devoted to Brahman, firm in Brahman,
seeking for the Highest Brahman. They thought that the
venerable Pippalada could tell them all that, and
they therefore took fuel in their hands (like pupils), and
approached him.
That Rishi said to them: `Stay here a year longer,
with penance, abstinence, and faith; then you may
ask questions according to your pleasure, and if we know
them, we shall tell you all.'
Then Kabandhin Katyayana approached him and
asked: `Sir, from whence may these creatures be
born?'
He replied: `Pragapati (the lord of creatures) was
desirous of creatures (pragah). He performed
penance, and having performed penance, he produces a
pair, matter (rayi) and spirit (prana), thinking that
they together should produce creatures for him in many
ways.
The sun is spirit, matter is the moon. All this, what
has body and what has no body, is matter, and
therefore body indeed is matter.
Now Aditya, the sun, when he rises, goes toward the
East, and thus receives the Eastern spirits into
his rays. And when he illuminates the South, the West,
the North, the Zenith, the Nadir, the intermediate
quarters, and everything, he thus receives all spirits into
his rays.
Thus he rises, as Vaisvanara, (belonging to all men,)
assuming all forms, as spirit, as fire. This has
been said in the following verse:
(They knew) him who assumes all forms, the golden,
who knows all things, who ascends highest,
alone in his splendour, and warms us; the thousandrayed, who abides in a hundred places, the spirit of all
creatures, the Sun, rises.
The year indeed is Pragapati, and there are two
paths thereof, the Southern and the Northern. Now
those who here believe in sacrifices and pious gifts as
work done, gain the moon only as their (future)
world, and return again. Therefore the Rishis who desire
offspring, go to the South, and that path of the
Fathers is matter (rayi).
But those who have sought the Self by penance,
abstinence, faith, and knowledge, gain by the
Northern path Aditya, the sun. This is the home of the
spirits, the immortal, free from danger, the
highest. From thence they do not return, for it is the end.
Thus says the Sloka:
Some call him the father with five feet (the five
seasons), and with twelve shapes (the twelve
months), the giver of rain in the highest half of heaven;
others again say that the sage is placed in the
lower half, in the chariot with seven wheels and six
spokes.
The month is Pragapati; its dark half is matter, its
bright half spirit. Therefore some Rishis perform
sacrifice in the bright half, others in the other half.
Day and Night are Pragapati; its day is spirit, its
night matter. Those who unite in love by day
waste their spirit, but to unite in love by night is right.
Food is Pragapati. Hence proceeds seed, and
from it these creatures are born.
Those therefore who observe this rule of Pragapati
(as laid down in {verse} 13), produce a pair, and
to them belongs this Brahma-world here. But those in
whom dwell penance, abstinence, and truth,
To them belongs that pure Brahma-world, to them,
namely, in whom there is nothing crooked,
nothing false, and no guile.'
Second Question
Then Bhargava Vaidarbhi asked him: `Sir, How
many gods keep what has thus been created, how
many manifest this, and who is the best of them?'
He replied: `The ether is that god, the wind, fire,
water, earth, speech, mind, eye, and ear. These,
when they have manifested (their power), contend and
say: We (each of us) support this body and keep it.
Then Prana (breath, spirit, life), as the best, said to
them: Be not deceived, I alone, dividing myself
fivefold, support this body and keep it.
They were incredulous; so he, from pride, did as if
he were going out from above. Thereupon, as he
went out, all the others went out, and as he returned, all
the others returned. As bees go out when their
queen goes out, and return when she returns, thus (did)
speech, mind, eye, and ear; and, being satisfied,
they praise Prana, saying:
He is Agni (fire), he shines as Surya (sun), he is
Parganya (rain), the powerful (Indra), he is Vayu
(wind), he is the earth, he is matter, he is God he is what
is and what is not, and what is immortal.
As spokes in the nave of a wheel, everything is fixed
in Prana, the verses of the Rig-veda, Yagurveda, Sama-veda, the sacrifice, the Kshatriyas, and the
Brahmans.
As Pragapati (lord of creatures) thou movest about
in the womb, thou indeed art born again. To thee,
the Prana, these creatures bring offerings, to thee who
dwellest with the other pranas (the organs of
sense).
Thou art the best carrier for the Gods, thou art the
first offering to the Fathers. Thou art the true
work of the Rishis, of the Atharvangiras.
O Prana, thou art Indra by thy light, thou art Rudra,
as a protector; thou movest in the sky, thou art
the sun, the lord of lights.
When thou showerest down rain, then, O Prana,
these creatures of thine are delighted, hoping that
there will be food, as much as they desire.
Thou art a Vratya, O Prana, the only Rishi, the
consumer of everything, the good lord. We are the
givers of what thou hast to consume, thou, O Matarisva,
art our father.
Make propitious that body of thine which dwells in
speech, in the ear, in the eye, and which
pervades the mind; do not go away!
All this is in the power of Prana, whatever exists in
the three heavens. Protect us like a mother her
sons, and give us happiness and wisdom.'
Third Question
Then Kausalya Asvalayana asked: `Sir, whence is
that Prana (spirit) born? How does it come into
this body? And how does it abide, after it has divided
itself? How does it go out? How does it support
what is without, and how what is within?'
He replied: `You ask questions more difficult, but you
are very fond of Brahman, therefore I shall tell
it you.
This Prana (spirit) is born of the Self. Like the
shadow thrown on a man, this (the prana) is spread
out over it (the Brahman). By the work of the mind does it
come into this body.
As a king commands officials, saying to them: Rule
these villages or those, so does that Prana (spirit)
dispose the other pranas, each for their separate work.
The Apana (the down-breathing) in the organs of
excretion and generation; the Prana himself dwells
in eye and ear, passing through mouth and nose. In the
middle is the Samana (the on-breathing); it
carries what has been sacrificed as food equally (over the
body), and the seven lights proceed from it.
The Self is in the heart. There are the 101 arteries,
and in each of them there are a hundred (smaller
veins), and for each of these branches there are 72,000.
In these the Vyana (the back-breathing) moves.
Through one of them, the Udana (the out-breathing)
leads (us) upwards to the good world by good
work, to the bad world by bad work, to the world of men
by both.
The sun rises as the external Prana, for it assists the
Prana in the eye. The deity that exists in the
earth, is there in support of man's Apana (downbreathing). The ether between (sun and earth) is the
Samana (on-breathing), the air is Vyana (back-breathing).
Light is the Udana (out-breathing), and therefore he
whose light has gone out comes to a new birth
with his senses absorbed in the mind.
Whatever his thought (at the time of death) with
that he goes back to Prana, and the Prana, united
with light, together with the self (the givatma) leads on to
the world, as deserved.
He who, thus knowing, knows Prana, his offspring
does not perish, and he becomes immortal.
Thus says the Sloka:
He who has known the origin, the entry, the place,
the fivefold distribution, and the internal state of
the Prana, obtains immortality, yes, obtains immortality.'
Fourth Question
Then Sauryayanin Gargya asked: `Sir, What are
they that sleep in this man, and what are they that
are awake in him? What power (deva) is it that sees
dreams? Whose is the happiness? On what do all
these depend?'
He replied: `O Gargya, As all the rays of the sun,
when it sets, are gathered up in that disc of light,
and as they, when the sun rises again and again, come
forth, so is all this (all the senses) gathered up in
the highest faculty (deva), the mind. Therefore at that
time that man does not hear, see, smell, taste,
touch, he does not speak, he does not take, does not
enjoy, does not evacuate, does not move about. He
sleeps, that is what people say.
The fires of the pranas are, as it were, awake in that
town (the body). The Apana is the Garhapatya
fire, the Vyana the Anvaharyapakana fire; and because it
is taken out of the Garhapatya fire, which is fire
for taking out, therefore the Prana is the Ahavaniya fire.
Because it carries equally these two oblations, the
out-breathing and the in-breathing, the Samana is
he (the Hotri priest). The mind is the sacrificer, the Udana
is the reward of the sacrifice, and it leads the
sacrificer every day (in deep sleep) to Brahman.
There that god (the mind) enjoys in sleep greatness.
What has been seen, he sees again; what has
been heard, he hears again; what has been enjoyed in
different countries and quarters, he enjoys again;
what has been seen and not seen, heard and not heard,
enjoyed and not enjoyed, he sees it all; he, being
all, sees.
And when he is overpowered by light, then that god
sees no dreams, and at that time that happiness
arises in his body.
And, O friend, as birds go to a tree to roost, thus all
this rests in the Highest Atman,
The earth and its subtile elements, the water and its
subtile elements, the light and its subtile
elements, the air and its subtile elements, the ether and
its subtile elements; the eye and what can be seen,
the ear and what can be heard, the nose and what can be
smelled, the taste and what can be tasted, the
skin and what can be touched, the voice and what can be
spoken, the hands and what can be grasped, the
feet and what can be walked, the mind and what can be
perceived, intellect (buddhi) and what can be
conceived, personality and what can be personified,
thought and what can be thought, light and what can
be lighted up, the Prana and what is to be supported by it.
For he it is who sees, hears, smells, tastes,
perceives, conceives, acts, he whose essence is
knowledge,
the person, and he dwells in the highest, indestructible
Self,
He who knows that indestructible being, obtains
(what is) the highest and indestructible, he without
a shadow, without a body, without colour, bright, yes, O
friend, he who knows it, becomes all-knowing,
becomes all. On this there is this Sloka:
He, O friend, who knows that indestructible being
wherein the true knower, the vital spirits
(pranas), together with all the powers (deva), and the
elements rest, he, being all-knowing, has penetrated
all.'
Fifth Question
Then Saivya Satyakama asked him: `Sir, if some
one among men should meditate here until death on
the syllable Om, what would he obtain by it?'
He replied: `O Satyakama, the syllable Om (AUM) is
the highest and also the other Brahman;
therefore he who knows it arrives by the same means at
one of the two.
If he meditate on one Matra (the A), then, being
enlightened by that only, he arrives quickly at the
earth. The Rik-verses lead him to the world of men, and
being endowed there with penance, abstinence,
and faith, he enjoys greatness.
If he meditate with two Matras (A+U) he arrives at
the Manas, and is led up by the Yagus-verses to
the sky, to the Soma-world. Having enjoyed greatness in
the Soma-world, he returns again.
Again, he who meditates with this syllable AUM of
three Matras, on the Highest Person, he comes to
light and to the sun. And as a snake is freed from its skin,
so is he freed from evil. He is led up by the
Saman-verses to the Brahma-world; and from him, full of
life (Hiranyagarbha, the lord of the Satya-loka),
he learns to see the all-pervading, the Highest Person.
And there are these two Slokas:
The three Matris (A+U+M), if employed separate,
and only joined one to another, are mortal; but in
acts, external, internal, or intermediate, if well performed,
the sage trembles not.
Through the Rik-verses he arrives at this world,
through the Yagus-verses at the sky, through the
Saman-verses at that which the poets teach, he arrives
at this by means of the Onkara; the wise arrives
at that which is at rest, free from decay, from death, from
fear, the Highest.'
Sixth Question
Then Sukesas Bharadvaga asked him, saying: `Sir,
Hiranyanabha, the prince of Kosala, came to me
and asked this question: Do you know the person of
sixteen parts, O Bharadvaga? I said to the prince: I
do not know him; if I knew him, how should I not tell you?
Surely, he who speaks what is untrue withers
away to the very root; therefore I will not say what is
untrue. Then he mounted his chariot and went away
silently. Now I ask you, where is that person?'
He replied: `Friend, that person is here within the
body, he in whom these sixteen parts arise.
He reflected: What is it by whose departure I shall
depart, and by whose staying I shall stay?
He sent forth (created) Prana (spirit); from Prana
Sraddha (faith), ether, air, light, water, earth,
sense, mind, food; from food came vigour, penance,
hymns, sacrifice, the worlds, and in the worlds the
name also.
As these flowing rivers that go towards the ocean,
when they have reached the ocean, sink into it,
their name and form are broken, and people speak of the
ocean only, exactly thus these sixteen parts of the
spectator that go towards the person (purusha), when
they have reached the person, sink into him, their
name and form are broken, and people speak of the
person only, and he becomes without parts and
immortal. On this there is this verse:
That person who is to be known, he in whom these
parts rest, like spokes in the nave of a wheel, you
know him, lest death should hurt you.'
Then he (Pippalada) said to them: `So far do I know
this Highest Brahman, there is nothing higher
than it.'
And they praising him, said: `You, indeed, are our
father, you who carry us from our ignorance to
the other shore.'
Adoration to the highest Rishis!
Adoration to the highest Rishis!
Tat sat. Harih, Om!
Maitrayana-Brahmana-Upanishad
First Prapathaka

The laying of the formerly-described sacrificial fires is
indeed the sacrifice of Brahman. Therefore let the
sacrificer, after he has laid those fires, meditate on the
Self. Thus only does the sacrificer become
complete and faultless.
But who is to be meditated on? He who is called Prana
(breath). Of him there is this story:

A King, named Brihadratha, having established his son in
his sovereignty, went into the forest, because
he considered this body as transient, and had obtained
freedom from all desires. Having performed the
highest penance, he stands there, with uplifted arms,
looking up to the sun. At the end of a thousand
(days), the Saint Sakayanya, who knew the Self, came
near, burning with splendour, like a fire without
smoke. He said to the King: `Rise, rise! Choose a boon!'
The King, bowing before him, said: `O Saint, I know not
the Self, thou knowest the essence (of the Self).
We have heard so. Teach it us.'
Sakayanya replied: `This was achieved of yore; but what
thou askest is difficult to obtain. O Aikshvaka,
choose other pleasures.'
The King, touching the Saint's feet with his head, recited
this Gatha:

`O Saint, What is the use of the enjoyment of pleasures in
this offensive, pithless body a mere mass of
bones, skin, sinews, marrow, flesh, seed, blood, mucus,
tears, phlegm, ordure, water, bile, and slime!
What is the use of the enjoyment of pleasures in this body
which is assailed by lust, hatred, greed,
delusion, fear, anguish, jealousy, separation from what is
loved, union with what is not loved, hunger,
thirst, old age, death, illness, grief, and other evils!

And we see that all this is perishable, as these flies,
gnats, and other insects, as herbs and trees, growing
and decaying. And what of these? There are other great
ones, mighty wielders of bows, rulers of empires,
Sudyumna, Bhuridyumna, Indradyumna, Kuvalayasva,
Yauvanasva, Vadhryasva, Asvapati, Sasabindu,
Hariskandra, Ambarisha, Nahusha, Ananata, Saryati,
Yayati, Anaranya, Ukshasena, &c., and kings such
as Marutta, Bharata (Daushyanti), and others, who before
the eyes of their whole family surrendered the
greatest happiness, and passed on from this world to
that. And what of these? There are other great ones.
We see the destruction of Gandharvas, Asuras, Yakshas,
Rakshasas, Bhutas, Ganas, Pisakas, snakes, and
vampires. And what of these? There is the drying up of
other great oceans, the falling of mountains, the
moving of the pole-star, the cutting of the wind-ropes (that
hold the stars), the submergence of the earth,
and the departure of the gods (suras) from their place. In
such a world as this, what is the use of the
enjoyment of pleasures, if he who has fed on them is
seen to return (to this world) again and again! Deign
therefore to take me out! In this world I am like a frog in a
dry well. O Saint, thou art my way, thou art
my way.'
Second Prapathaka

Then the Saint Sakayanya, well pleased, said to the King:
`Great King Brihadratha, thou banner of the
race of Ikshvaku, quickly obtaining a knowledge of Self,
thou art happy, and art renowned by the name of
Marut, the wind. This indeed is thy Self.'
`Which, O Saint,' said the King.
Then the Saint said to him:

`He who, without stopping the out-breathing, proceeds
upwards (from the sthula to the sukshma sarira),
and who, modified (by impressions), and yet not modified,
drives away the darkness (of error), he is the
Self. Thus said the Saint Maitri.' And Sakayanya said to
the King Brihadratha: `He who in perfect rest,
rising from this body (both from the sthula and sukshma),
and reaching the highest light, comes forth in
his own form, he is the Self (thus said Sakayanya); this is
the immortal, the fearless, this is Brahman.'

`Now then this is the science of Brahman, and the
science of all Upanishads, O King, which was told us
by the Saint Maitri. I shall tell it to thee:
`We hear (in the sacred records) that there were once the
Valakhilyas, who had left off all evil, who were
vigorous and passionless. They said to the Pragapati
Kratu: "O Saint, this body is without intelligence,
like a cart. To what supernatural being belongs this great
power by which such a body has been made
intelligent? Or who is the driver? What thou knowest, O
Saint, tell us that."' Pragapati answered and
said:

`He who in the Sruti is called "Standing above," like
passionless ascetics amidst the objects of the world,
he, indeed, the pure, clean, undeveloped, tranquil,
breathless, bodiless, endless, imperishable, firm,
everlasting, unborn, independent one, stands in his own
greatness, and by him has this body been made
intelligent, and he is also the driver of it.'
They said: `O Saint, How has this been made intelligent
by such a being as this which has no desires, and
how is he its driver?' He answered them and said:

`That Self which is very small, invisible,
incomprehensible, called Purusha, dwells of his own will
here in
part; just as a man who is fast asleep awakes of his own
will. And this part (of the Self) which is entirely
intelligent, reflected in man (as the sun in different
vessels of water), knowing the body (kshetragna),
attested by his conceiving, willing, and believing, is
Pragapati (lord of creatures), called Visva. By him,
the intelligent, is this body made intelligent, and he is the
driver thereof.'
They said to him: `O Saint, if this has been made
intelligent by such a being as this, which has no desires,
and if he is the driver thereof, how was it?' He answered
them and said:

`In the beginning Pragapati (the lord of creatures) stood
alone. He had no happiness, when alone.
Meditating on himself, he created many creatures. He
looked on them and saw they were, like a stone,
without understanding, and standing like a lifeless post.
He had no happiness. He thought, I shall enter
within, that they may awake. Making himself like air
(vayu) he entered within. Being one, he could not
do it. Then dividing himself fivefold, he is called Prana,
Apana, Samana, Udana, Vyana. Now that air
which rises upwards, is Prana. That which moves
downwards, is Apana. That by which these two are
supposed to be held, is Vyana. That which carries the
grosser material of food to the Apana, and brings
the subtler material to each limb, has the name Samana.
[After these (Prana, Apana, Samana) comes the
work of the Vyana, and between them (the Prana, Apana,
and Samana on one side and the Vyana on the
other) comes the rising of the Udana.] That which brings
up or carries down what has been drunk and
eaten, is the Udana.
Now the Upamsu-vessel (or prana) depends on the
Antaryama-vessel (apana) and the Antaryama-vessel
(apana) on the Upamsu-vessel (prana), and between
these two the self-resplendent (Self) produced heat.
This heat is the purusha (person), and this purusha is
Agni Vaisvanara. And thus it is said elsewhere:
"Agni Vaisvanara is the fire within man by which the food
that is eaten is cooked, i.e. digested. Its noise
is that which one hears, if one covers one's ears. When a
man is on the point of departing this life, he
does not hear that noise."
Now he, having divided himself fivefold, is hidden in a
secret place (buddhi), assuming the nature of
mind, having the pranas as his body, resplendent, having
true concepts, and free like ether. Feeling even
thus that he has not attained his object, he thinks from
within the interior of the heart, "Let me enjoy
objects." Therefore, having first broken open these five
apertures (of the senses), he enjoys the objects by
means of the five reins. This means that these perceptive
organs (ear, skin, eye, tongue, nose) are his
reins; the active organs (tongue (for speaking), hands,
feet, anus, generative organ) his horses; the body
his chariot, the mind the charioteer, the whip being the
temperament. Driven by that whip, this body goes
round like the wheel driven by the potter. This body is
made intelligent, and he is the driver thereof.
This is indeed the Self, who seeming to be filled with
desires, and seeming to be overcome by bright or
dark fruits of action, wanders about in every body (himself
remaining free). Because he is not manifest,
because he is infinitely small, because he is invisible,
because he cannot be grasped, because he is attached
to nothing, therefore he, seeming to be changing, an
agent in that which is not (prakriti), is in reality not
an agent and unchanging. He is pure, firm, stable,
undefiled, unmoved, free from desire, remaining a
spectator, resting in himself. Having concealed himself in
the cloak of the three qualities he appears as
the enjoyer of rita, as the enjoyer of rita (of his good
works).'
Third Prapathaka

The Valakhilyas said to Pragapati Kratu: `O Saint, if thou
thus showest the greatness of that Self, then
who is that other different one, also called Self, who really
overcome by bright and dark fruits of action,
enters on a good or bad birth? Downward or upward is
his course, and overcome by the pairs (distinction
between hot and cold, pleasure and pain, &c.) he roams
about.'

Pragapati Kratu replied: `There is indeed that other
different one, called the elemental Self (Bhutatma),
who, overcome by bright and dark fruits of action, enters
on a good or bad birth: downward or upward is
his course, and overcome by the pairs he roams about.
And this is his explanation: The five Tanmatras
(sound, touch, form, taste, smell) are called Bhuta; also
the five Mahabhutas (gross elements) are called
Bhuta. Then the aggregate of all these is called sarira,
body. And lastly he of whom it was said that he
dwelt in the body, he is called Bhutatma, the elemental
Self Thus his immortal Self is like a drop of water
on a lotus leaf, and he himself is overcome by the
qualities of nature. Then, because he is thus overcome,
he becomes bewildered, and because he is bewildered,
he saw not the creator, the holy Lord, abiding
within himself. Carried along by the waves of the
qualities, darkened in his imaginations, unstable,
fickle, crippled, full of desires, vacillating, he enters into
belief, believing "I am he," "this is mine;" he
binds his Self by his Self, as a bird with a net, and
overcome afterwards by the fruits of what he has done,
he enters on a good and bad birth; downward or upward
is his course, and overcome by the pairs he roams
about.'
They asked: `Which is it?' And he answered them:

`This also has elsewhere been said: He who acts, is the
elemental Self; he who causes to act by means of
the organs, is the inner man (antahpurusha). Now as
even a ball of iron, pervaded (overcome) by fire, and
hammered by smiths, becomes manifold (assumes
different forms, such as crooked, round, large, small),
thus the elemental Self, pervaded (overcome) by the
inner man, and hammered by the qualities, becomes
manifold. And the four tribes (mammals, birds, &c.), the
fourteen worlds (Bhur, &c.), with all the
number of beings, multiplied eighty-four times, all this
appears as manifoldness. And those multiplied
things are impelled by man (purusha) as the wheel by the
potter. And as when the ball of iron is
hammered, the fire is not overcome, so the (inner) man is
not overcome, but the elemental Self is
overcome, because it has united itself (with the
elements).

And it has been said elsewhere: This body produced from
marriage, and endowed with growth in
darkness, came forth by the urinary passage, was built up
with bones, bedaubed with flesh, thatched with
skin, filled with ordure, urine, bile, slime, marrow, fat, oil,
and many impurities besides, like a treasury
full of treasures.

And it has been said elsewhere: Bewilderment, fear, grief,
sleep, sloth, carelessness, decay, sorrow,
hunger, thirst, niggardliness, wrath, infidelity, ignorance,
envy, cruelty, folly, shamelessness, meanness,
pride, changeability, these are the results of the quality of
darkness (tamah).
Inward thirst, fondness, passion, covetousness,
unkindness, love, hatred, deceit, jealousy, vain
restlessness, fickleness, unstableness, emulation, greed,
patronising of friends, family pride, aversion to
disagreeable objects, devotion to agreeable objects,
whispering, prodigality, these are the results of the
quality of passion (ragas).
By these he is filled, by these he is overcome, and
therefore this elemental Self assumes manifold forms,
yes, manifold forms.'
Fourth Prapathaka

The Valakhilyas, whose passions were subdued,
approached him full of amazement and said: `O Saint, we
bow before thee; teach thou, for thou art the way, and
there is no other for us. What process is there for
the elemental Self, by which, after leaving this (identity
with the elemental body), he obtains union with
the (true) Self?' Pragapati Kratu said to them:

`It has been said elsewhere: Like the waves in large
rivers, that which has been done before, cannot be
turned back, and, like the tide of the sea, the approach of
death is hard to stem. Bound by the fetters of
the fruits of good and evil, like a cripple; without freedom,
like a man in prison; beset by many fears, like
one standing before Yama (the judge of the dead);
intoxicated by the wine of illusion, like one intoxicated
by wine; rushing about, like one possessed by an evil
spirit; bitten by the world, like one bitten by a great
serpent; darkened by passion, like the night; illusory, like
magic; false, like a dream; pithless, like the
inside of the Kadali; changing its dress in a moment, like
an actor; fair in appearance, like a painted wall,
thus they call him; and therefore it is said:
Sound, touch, and other things are like nothings; if the
elemental Self is attached to them, it will not
remember the Highest Place.

This is indeed the remedy for the elemental Self:
Acquirement of the knowledge of the Veda, performance
of one's own duty, therefore conformity on the part of
each man to the order to which he happens to
belong. This is indeed the rule for one's own duty, other
performances are like the mere branches of a
stem. Through it one obtains the Highest above,
otherwise one falls downward. Thus is one's own duty
declared, which is to be found in the Vedas. No one
belongs truly to an order (asrama) who transgresses
his own law. And if people say, that a man does not
belong to any of the orders, and that he is an ascetic,
this is wrong, though, on the other hand, no one who is
not an ascetic brings his sacrificial works to
perfection or obtains knowledge of the Highest Self. For
thus it is said:
By ascetic penance goodness is obtained, from goodness
understanding is reached, from understanding the
Self is obtained, and he who has obtained that, does not
return.

"Brahman is," thus said one who knew the science of
Brahman; and this penance is the door to
Brahman, thus said one who by penance had cast off all
sin. The syllable Om is the manifest greatness of
Brahman, thus said one who well grounded (in Brahman)
always meditates on it. Therefore by
knowledge, by penance, and by meditation is Brahman
gained. Thus one goes beyond Brahman
(Hiranyagarbha), and to a divinity higher than the gods;
nay, he who knows this, and worships Brahman
by these three (by knowledge, penance, and meditation),
obtains bliss imperishable, infinite, and
unchangeable. Then freed from those things (the senses
of the body, &c.) by which he was filled and
overcome, a mere charioteer, he obtains union with the
Self.'

The Valakhilyas said: `O Saint, thou art the teacher, thou
art the teacher. What thou hast said, has been
properly laid up in our mind. Now answer us a further
question: Agni, Vayu, Aditya, Time (kala) which
is Breath (prana), Food (anna), Brahma, Rudra, Vishnu,
thus do some meditate on one, some on another.
Say which of these is the best for us.' He said to them:

`These are but the chief manifestations of the highest, the
immortal, the incorporeal Brahman. He who is
devoted to one, rejoices here in his world (presence),
thus he said. Brahman indeed is all this, and a man
may meditate on, worship, or discard also those which
are its chief manifestations. With these (deities) he
proceeds to higher and higher worlds, and when all things
perish, he becomes one with the Purusha, yes,
with the Purusha.'
Fifth Prapathaka

Next follows Kutsayana's hymn of praise:
`Thou art Brahma, and thou art Vishnu, thou art Rudra,
thou Pragapati, thou art Agni, Varuna, Vayu,
thou art Indra, thou the Moon.
Thou art Anna (the food or the eater), thou art Yama, thou
art the Earth, thou art All, thou art the
Imperishable. In thee all things exist in many forms,
whether for their natural or for their own (higher)
ends.
Lord of the Universe, glory to thee! Thou art the Self of
All, thou art the maker of All, the enjoyer of All;
thou art all life, and the lord of all pleasure and joy. Glory
to thee, the tranquil, the deeply hidden, the
incomprehensible, the immeasurable, without beginning
and without end.'

`In the beginning darkness (tamas) alone was this. It was
in the Highest, and, moved by the Highest, it
becomes uneven. Thus it becomes obscurity (ragas).
Then this obscurity, being moved, becomes uneven.
Thus it becomes goodness (sattva). Then this goodness,
being moved, the essence flowed forth. This is
that part (or state of Self) which is entirely intelligent,
reflected in man (as the sun is in different vessels
of water) knowing the body (kshetragna), attested by his
conceiving, willing, and believing, it is
Pragapati, called Visva. His manifestations have been
declared before. Now that part of him which
belongs to darkness, that, O students, is he who is called
Rudra. That part of him which belongs to
obscurity, that, O students, is he who is called Brahma.
That part of him which belongs to goodness, that,
O students, is he who is called Vishnu. He being one,
becomes three, becomes eight, becomes eleven,
becomes twelve, becomes infinite. Because he thus
came to be, he is the Being (neut.), he moves about,
having entered all beings, he has become the Lord of all
beings. He is the Self within and without, yes,
within and without.'
Sixth Prapathaka

He (the Self) bears the Self in two ways, as he who is
Prana (breath), and as he who is Aditya (the sun).
Therefore there are two paths for him, within and without,
and they both turn back in a day and night.
The Sun is the outer Self, the inner Self is Breath. Hence
the motion of the inner Self is inferred from the
motion of the outer Self. For thus it is said:
`He who knows, and has thrown off all evil, the overseer
of the senses, the pure-minded, firmly grounded
(in the Self) and looking away (from all earthly objects),
he is the same.' Likewise the motion of the outer
Self is inferred from the motion of the inner Self. For thus
it is said:
`He who within the sun is the golden person, who looks
upon this earth from his golden place, he is the
same who, after entering the inner lotus of the heart,
devours food (perceives sensuous objects, &c.)'

And he who having entered the inner lotus of the heart,
devours food, the same, having gone to the sky as
the fire of the sun, called Time, and being invisible,
devours all beings as his food.
What is that lotus and of what is it made? the Valakhilyas
ask.)
That lotus is the same as the ether; the four quarters, and
the four intermediate points are its leaves.
These two, Breath and the Sun, move on near to each
other (in the heart and in the ether). Let him
worship these two, with the syllable Om, with the Vyahriti
words (bhuh, bhuvah, svar), and with the
Savitri hymn.

There are two forms of Brahman, the material (effect) and
the immaterial (cause). The material is false,
the immaterial is true. That which is true is Brahman, that
which is Brahman is light, and that which is
light is the Sun. And this Sun became the Self of that
Om.
He divided himself threefold, for Om consists of three
letters, a+u+m. Through them all this is contained
in him as warp and woof. For thus it is said:
`Meditate on that Sun as Om, join your Self (the breath)
with the (Self of the) Sun.'

And thus it has been said elsewhere: The Udgitha (of the
Sama-veda) is the Pranava (of the Rig-veda),
and the Pranava is the Udgitha, and thus the Sun is
Udgitha, and he is Pranava or Om. For thus it is said:
`The Udgitha, called Pranava, the leader (in the
performance of sacrifices), the bright, the sleepless, free
from old age and death, three-footed, consisting of three
letters (a+u+m), and likewise to be known as
fivefold (five pranas) placed in the cave.' And it is also
said:
`The three-footed Brahman has its root upward, the
branches are ether, wind, fire, water, earth, &c. This
one Asvattha by name, the world, is Brahman, and of it
that is the light which is called the Sun, and it is
also the light of that syllable Om. Therefore let him for
ever worship that (breath and sun, as
manifestations of Brahman) with the syllable Om.'
He alone enlightens us. For thus it is said:
`This alone is the pure syllable, this alone is the highest
syllable; he who knows that syllable only,
whatever he desires, is his.'

And thus it has been said elsewhere: This Om is the
sound-endowed body of him (Pranadityatman). This
is his gender-endowed body, viz. feminine, masculine,
neuter. This is his light-endowed body, viz. Agni,
Vayu, Aditya. This is his lord-endowed body, viz.
Brahma, Rudra, Vishnu. This is his mouth-endowed
body, viz. Garhapatya, Dakshinagni, Ahavaniya. This is
his knowledge-endowed body, viz. Rik, Yagus,
Saman. This is his world-endowed body, viz. Bhuh,
Bhuvah, Svar. This is his time-endowed body, viz.
Past, Present, Future. This is his heat-endowed body,
viz. Breath, Fire, Sun. This is his growth-endowed
body, viz. Food, Water, Moon. This is his thoughtendowed body, viz. intellect, mind, personality. This
is his breath-endowed body, viz. Prana, Apana, Vyana.
Therefore by the aforesaid syllable Om are all
these here enumerated bodies praised and identified
(with the Pranadityatman). For thus it is said:
`O Satyakama, the syllable Om is the high and the low
Brahman.'

This (world) was unuttered. Then forsooth Pragapati,
having brooded, uttered it in the words Bhuh,
Bhuvah, Svar. This is the grossest body of that
Pragapati, consisting of the three worlds. Of that body
Svar is the head, Bhuvah the navel, Bhuh the feet, the
sun the eye. For in the eye is fixed man's great
measure, because with the eye he makes all
measurements. The eye is truth (satyam), for the person
(purusha) dwelling in the eye proceeds to all things
(knows all objects with certainty). Therefore let a
man worship with the Vyahritis, Bhuh, Bhuvah, Svar, for
thus Pragapati, the Self of All, is worshipped as
the (sun, the) Eye of All. For thus it is said:
`This (the sun) is Pragapati's all-supporting body, for in it
this all is hid (by the light of the sun); and in
this all it (the light) is hid. Therefore this is worshipped.'

(The Savitri begins:) Tat Savitur varenyam, i.e. `this of
Savitri, to be chosen.' Here the Aditya (sun) is
Savitri, and the same is to be chosen by the love(r) of
Self, thus say the Brahma-teachers.
(Then follows the next foot in the Savitri): Bhargo devasya
dhimahi, i.e. `the splendour of the god we
meditate on.' Here the god is Savitri, and therefore he
who is called his splendour, him I meditate on,
thus say the Brahma-teachers.
(Then follows the last foot): Dhiyo yo nah prakodayat, i.e.
`who should stir up our thoughts.' Here the
dhiyah are thoughts, and he should stir these up for us,
thus say the Brahma-teachers.
(He now explains the word bhargas). Now he who is
called bhargas is he who is placed in yonder Aditya
(sun), or he who is the pupil in the eye. And he is so
called, because his going (gati) is by rays (bhabhih);
or because he parches (bhargayati) and makes the world
to shrivel up. Rudra is called Bhargas, thus say
the Brahma-teachers. Or bha means that he lights up
these worlds; ra, that he delights these beings, ga
that these creatures go to him and come from him;
therefore being a bha-ra-ga, he is called Bhargas.
Surya (sun) is so called, because Soma is continually
squeezed out (su). Savitri (sun) is so called, because
he brings forth (su). Aditya (sun) is so called, because he
takes up (ada, scil. vapour, or the life of man).
Pavana is so called, because he purifies (pu). Apas,
water, is so called, because it nourishes (pya).
And it is said:
`Surely the Self (absorbed in Prana, breath), which is
called Immortal, is the thinker, the perceiver, the
goer, the evacuator, the delighter, the doer, the speaker,
the taster, the smeller, the seer, the hearer, and he
touches. He is Vibhu (the pervader), who has entered
into the body.' And it is said:
`When the knowledge is twofold (subjective and
objective), then he hears, sees, smells, tastes, and
touches
(something), for it is the Self that knows everything.'
But when the knowledge is not twofold (subjective only),
without effect, cause, and action, without a
name, without a comparison, without without a predicate
what is that? It cannot be told.

And the same Self is also called Isana (lord), Sambhu,
Bhava, Rudra (tamasa); Pragapati (lord of
creatures), Visvasrig (creator of all), Hiranyagarbha,
Satyam (truth), Prana (breath), Hamsa (ragasa);
Sastri (ruler), Vishnu, Narayana (sattvika); Arka, Savitri,
Dhatri (supporter), Vidhatri (creator), Samrag
(king), Indra, Indu (moon). He is also he who warms, the
Sun, hidden by the thousand-eyed golden egg,
as one fire by another. He is to be thought after, he is to
be sought after. Having said farewell to all living
beings, having gone to the forest, and having renounced
all sensuous objects, let man perceive the Self
from his own body.
`(See him) who assumes all forms, the golden, who
knows all things, who ascends highest, alone in his
splendour, and warms us; the thousand-rayed, who
abides in a hundred places, the spirit of all creatures,
the Sun, rises.'

Therefore he who by knowing this has become the Self of
both Breath and Sun, meditates (while
meditating on them) on his Self, sacrifices (while
sacrificing to them) to his Self this meditation, the
mind thus absorbed in these acts, is praised by the wise.
Then let him purify the contamination of the mind by the
verse Ukkhishtopahatam, &c.: `Be it food left,
or food defiled by left food, be it food given by a sinner,
food coming from a dead person, or from one
impure from childbirth, may the purifying power of Vasu,
may Agni, and the rays of Savitri, purify it, and
all my sin.'
First (before eating) he surrounds (the offered food) with
water (in rincing his mouth). Then saying,
Svaha to Prana, Svaha to Apana, Svaha to Vyana, Svaha
to Samana, Svaha to Udana, he offers (the food)
with five invocations (in the fire of the mouth). What is
over, he eats in silence, and then he surrounds
(the food) once more afterwards with water (rincing the
mouth after his meal). Having washed let him,
after sacrificing to himself, meditate on his Self with these
two verses, Prano 'gnih and Visvo 'si, viz.
`May the Highest Self as breath, as fire (digestive heat),
as consisting of the five vital airs, having entered
(the body), himself satisfied, satisfy all, he who protects
all.' `Thou art Visva (all), thou art Vaisvanara
(fire), all that is born is upheld by thee; may all offerings
enter into thee; creatures live where thou
grantest immortality to all.' He who eats according to this
rule, does not in turn become food for others.

There is something else to be known. There is a further
modification of this Self-sacrifice (the eating),
namely, the food and the eater thereof. This is the
explanation. The thinking Purusha (person), when he
abides within the Pradhana (nature), is the feeder who
feeds on the food supplied by Prakriti (nature).
The elemental Self is truly his food, his maker being
Pradhana (nature). Therefore what is composed of
the three qualities (gunas) is the food, but the person
within is the feeder. And for this the evidence is
supplied by the senses. For animals spring from seed,
and as the seed is the food, therefore it is clear that
what is food is Pradhana (the seed or cause of
everything). Therefore, as has been said, the Purusha
(person) is the eater, Prakriti, the food; and abiding within
it he feeds. All that begins with the Mahat
(power of intellect) and ends with the Viseshas
(elements), being developed from the distinction of nature
with its three qualities, is the sign (that there must be a
Purusha, an intelligent subject). And in this
manner the way with its fourteen steps has been
explained. (This is comprehended in the following
verse): `This world is indeed the food, called pleasure,
pain, and error (the result of the three qualities);
there is no laying hold of the taste of the seed (cause), so
long as there is no development (in the shape of
effect).' And in its three stages also it has the character
of food, as childhood, youth, and old age; for,
because these are developed, therefore there is in them
the character of food.
And in the following manner does the perception of
Pradhana (nature) take place, after it has become
manifest: Intellect and the rest, such as determination,
conception, consciousness, are for the tasting (of
the effects of Pradhana). Then there are the five
(perceptive organs) intended for the (five) objects of
senses, for to taste them. And thus are all acts of the five
active organs, and the acts of the five Pranas or
vital airs (for the tasting of their corresponding objects).
Thus what is manifest (of nature) is food, and
what is not manifest is food. The enjoyer of it is without
qualities, but because he has the quality of being
an enjoyer, it follows that he possesses intelligence.
As Agni (fire) is the food-eater among the gods, and
Soma the food, so he who knows this eats food by
Agni (is not defiled by food, as little as Agni, the sacrificial
fire). This elemental Self, called Soma (food),
is also called Agni, as having undeveloped nature for its
mouth (as enjoying through nature, and being
independent of it), because it is said, `The Purusha
(person) enjoys nature with its three qualities, by the
mouth of undeveloped nature.' He who knows this, is an
ascetic, a yogin, he is a performer of the Selfsacrifice (see before). And he who does not touch the
objects of the senses when they intrude on him, as
no one would touch women intruding into an empty
house, he is an ascetic, a yogin, a performer of the
Self-sacrifice.

This is the highest form of Self, viz. food, for this Prana
(this body) subsists on food. If it eats not, it
cannot perceive, hear, touch, see, smell, taste, and it
loses the vital airs. For thus it is said:
`If it eats, then in full possession of the vital airs, it can
perceive, hear, touch, speak, taste, smell, see.'
And thus it is said:
`From food are born all creatures that live on earth;
afterwards they live on food, and in the end (when
they die) they return to it.'

And thus it is said elsewhere: Surely all these creatures
run about day and night, wishing to catch food.
The sun takes food with his rays, and by it he shines.
These vital airs digest, when sprinkled with food.
Fire flares up by food, and by Brahma (Pragapati),
desirous of food, has all this been made. Therefore let
a man worship food as his Self. For thus it is said:
`From food creatures are born, by food they grow when
born; because it is eaten and because it eats
creatures, therefore it is called food (annam).'

And thus it is said elsewhere: This food is the body of the
blessed Vishnu, called Visvabhrit (allsustaining). Breath is the essence of food, mind of
breath, knowledge of mind, joy of knowledge. He who
knows this is possessed of food, breath, mind,
knowledge, and joy. Whatever creatures here on earth
eat
food, abiding in them he, who knows this, eats food.
Food has been called undecaying, food has been
called worshipful; food is the breath of animals, food is
the oldest, food has been called the physician.

And thus it has been said elsewhere: Food is the cause of
all this, time of food, and the sun is the cause of
time. The (visible) form of time is the year, consisting of
twelve months, made up of Nimeshas
(twinklings) and other measures. Of the year one half
(when the sun moves northward) belongs to Agni,
the other to Varuna (when the sun moves southward).
That which belongs to Agni begins with the
asterism of Magha and ends with half of the asterism of
Sravishtha, the sun stepping down northward.
That which belongs to Soma (instead of Varuna) begins
with the asterism (of Aslesha), sacred to the
Serpents, and ends with half of the asterism of
Sravishtha, the sun stepping up southward. And then
there
(are the months) one by one, belonging to the year, each
consisting of nine-fourths of asterisms (two
asterisms and a quarter being the twelfth part of the
passage of the sun through the twenty-seven
Nakshatras), each determined by the sun moving
together with the asterisms. Because time is
imperceptible by sense, therefore this (the progress of the
sun, &c.) is its evidence, and by it alone is time
proved to exist. Without proof there is no apprehension
of what is to be proved; but even what is to be
proved can become proof, for the sake of making itself
known, if the parts (the twinklings, &c.) can be
distinguished from the whole time). For thus it is said:
`As many portions of time as there are, through them the
sun proceeds: he who worships time as
Brahman, from him time moves away very far.' And thus
it is said:
`From time all beings flow, from time they grow; in time
they obtain rest; time is visible (sun) and
invisible (moments).'

There are two forms of Brahman, time and non-time.
That which was before the (existence of the) sun is
non-time and has no parts. That which had its beginning
from the sun is time and has parts. Of that
which has parts, the year is the form, and from the year
are born all creatures; when produced by the year
they grow, and go again to rest in the year. Therefore the
year is Pragapati, is time, is food, is the nest of
Brahman, is Self. Thus it is said:
`Time ripens and dissolves all beings in the great Self, but
he who knows into what time itself is
dissolved, he is the knower of the Veda.'

This manifest time is the great ocean of creatures. He
who is called Savitri (the sun, as begetter) dwells in
it, from whence the moon, stars, planets, the year, and
the rest are begotten. From them again comes all
this, and thus, whatever of good or evil is seen in this
world, comes from them. Therefore Brahman is the
Self of the sun, and a man should worship the sun under
the name of time. Some say the sun is Brahman,
and thus it is said:
`The sacrificer, the deity that enjoys the sacrifice, the
oblation, the hymn, the sacrifice, Vishnu, Pragapati,
all this is the Lord, the witness, that shines in yonder orb.'

In the beginning Brahman was all this. He was one, and
infinite; infinite in the East, infinite in the
South, infinite in the West, infinite in the North, above and
below and everywhere infinite. East and the
other regions do not exist for him, nor across, nor below,
nor above. The Highest Self is not to be fixed,
he is unlimited, unborn, not to be reasoned about, not to
be conceived. He is like the ether (everywhere),
and at the destruction of the universe, he alone is awake.
Thus from that ether he wakes all this world,
which consists of thought only, and by him alone is all this
meditated on, and in him it is dissolved. His
is that luminous form which shines in the sun, and the
manifold light in the smokeless fire, and the heat
which in the stomach digests the food. Thus it is said:
`He who is in the fire, and he who is in the heart, and he
who is in the sun, they are one and the same.'
He who knows this becomes one with the one.

This is the rule for achieving it (viz. concentration of the
mind on the object of meditation): restraint of
the breath, restraint of the senses, meditation, fixed
attention, investigation, absorption, these are called
the sixfold Yoga. When beholding by this Yoga, he
beholds the gold-coloured maker, the lord, the
person, Brahman, the cause, then the sage, leaving
behind good and evil, makes everything (breath,
organs of sense, body, &c.) to be one in the Highest
Indestructible (in the pratyagatman or Brahman).
And thus it is said:
`As birds and deer do not approach a burning mountain,
so sins never approach those who know
Brahman.'

And thus it is said elsewhere: When he who knows has,
while he is still Prana (breath), restrained his
mind, and placed all objects of the senses far away from
himself, then let him remain without any
conceptions. And because the living person, called
Prana (breath), has been produced here on earth from
that which is not Prana (the thinking Self), therefore let
this Prana merge the Prana (himself) in what is
called the fourth. And thus it is said:
`What is without thought, though placed in the centre of
thought, what cannot be thought, the hidden, the
highest let a man merge his thought there: then will this
living being (linga) be without attachment.'

And thus it has been said elsewhere: There is the
superior fixed attention (dharana) for him, viz. if he
presses the tip of the tongue down the palate and
restrains voice, mind, and breath, he sees Brahman by
discrimination (tarka). And when, after the cessation of
mind, he sees his own Self, smaller than small,
and shining, as the Highest Self, then having seen his
Self as the Self, he becomes Self-less, and because
he is Self-less, he is without limit, without cause,
absorbed in thought. This is the highest mystery, viz.
final liberation. And thus it is said:
`Through the serenity of the thought he kills all actions,
good or bad; his Self serene, abiding in the Self,
obtains imperishable bliss.'

And thus it has been said elsewhere: The artery, called
Sushumna, going upwards (from the heart to the
Brahmarandhra), serving as the passage of the Prana, is
divided within the palate. Through that artery,
when it has been joined by the breath (held in subjection),
by the sacred syllable Om, and by the mind
(absorbed in the contemplation of Brahman), let him
proceed upwards, and after turning the tip of the
tongue to the palate, without using any of the organs of
sense, let greatness perceive greatness. From
thence he goes to selflessness, and through selflessness
he ceases to be an enjoyer of pleasure and pain, he
obtains aloneness (kevalatva, final deliverance). And
thus it is said:
`Having successively fixed the breath, after it had been
restrained, in the palate, thence having crossed the
limit (the life), let him join himself afterwards to the
limitless (Brahman) in the crown of the head.'

And thus it has been said elsewhere: Two Brahmans
have to be meditated on, the word and the non-word.
By the word alone is the non-word revealed. Now there is
the word Om. Moving upward by it (where all
words and all what is meant by them ceases), he arrives
at absorption in the non-word (Brahman). This is
the way, this is the immortal, this is union, and this is
bliss. And as the spider, moving upward by the
thread, gains free space, thus also he who meditates,
moving upward by the syllable Om, gains
independence.
Other teachers of the word (as Brahman) think otherwise.
They listen to the sound of the ether within the
heart while they stop the ears with the thumbs. They
compare it to seven noises, like rivers, like a bell,
like a brazen vessel, like the wheels of a carriage, like the
croaking of frogs, like rain, and as if a man
speaks in a cavern. Having passed beyond this variously
apprehended sound, and having settled in the
supreme, soundless (non-word), unmanifested Brahman,
they become undistinguished and
undistinguishable, as various flavours of the flowers are
lost in the taste of honey. And thus it is said:
`Two Brahmans are to be known, the word-Brahman and
the highest Brahman; he who is perfect in the
word-Brahman attains the highest Brahman.'

And thus it has been said elsewhere: The syllable Om is
what is called the word. And its end is the silent,
the soundless, fearless, sorrowless, joyful, satisfied, firm,
unwavering, immortal, immovable, certain
(Brahman), called Vishnu. Let him worship these two,
that he may obtain what is higher than everything
(final deliverance). For thus it is said:
`He who is the high and the highest god, by name Omkara, he is soundless and free from all distinctions:
therefore let a man dwell on him in the crown of his head.'

And thus it has been said elsewhere: The body is the
bow, the syllable Om is the arrow, its point is the
mind. Having cut through the darkness, which consists of
ignorance, it approaches that which is not
covered by darkness. Then having cut through that which
was covered (the personal soul), he saw
Brahman, flashing like a wheel on fire, bright like the sun,
vigorous, beyond all darkness, that which
shines forth in yonder sun, in the moon, in the fire, in the
lightning. And having seen him, he obtains
immortality. And thus it has been said:
`Meditation is directed to the highest Being (Brahman)
within, and (before) to the objects (body, Om,
mind); thence the indistinct understanding becomes
distinct.
And when the works of the mind are dissolved, then that
bliss which requires no other witness, that is
Brahman (Atman), the immortal, the brilliant, that is the
way, that is the (true) world.'

And thus it has been said elsewhere: He who has his
senses hidden as in sleep, and who, while in the
cavern of his senses (his body), but no longer ruled by
them, sees, as in a dream, with the purest intellect,
Him who is called Pranava (Om), the leader, the bright,
the sleepless, free from old age, from death, and
sorrow, he is himself also called Pranava, and becomes a
leader, bright, sleepless, free from old age, from
death, and sorrow. And thus it is said:
`Because in this manner he joins the Prana (breath), the
Om, and this Universe in its manifold forms, or
because they join themselves (to him), therefore this
(process of meditation) is called Yoga (joining).
The oneness of breath, mind, and senses, and then the
surrendering of all conceptions, that is called
Yoga.'

And thus it has also been said elsewhere: As a
sportsman, after drawing out the denizens of the waters
with a net, offers them (as a sacrifice) in the fire of his
stomach, thus are these Pranas (vital airs), after
they have been drawn out with the syllable Om, offered in
the faultless fire (Brahman).
Hence he is like a heated vessel (full of clarified butter);
for as the clarified butter in the heated vessel
lights up, when touched with grass and sticks, thus does
this being which is called Not-breath (Atman)
light up, when touched by the Pranas (the vital airs). And
that which flares up, that is the manifest form
of Brahman, that is the highest place of Vishnu, that is the
essence of Rudra. And this, dividing his Self
in endless ways, fills all these worlds. And thus it is said:
`As the sparks from the fire, and as the rays from the sun,
thus do his Pranas and the rest in proper order
again and again proceed from him here on earth.'

And thus it has also been said elsewhere: This is the heat
of the highest, the immortal, the incorporeal
Brahman, viz. the warmth of the body. And this body is
the clarified butter (poured on it, by which the
heat of Brahman, otherwise invisible, is lighted up).
Then, being manifest, it is placed in the ether (of the
heart). Then by concentration they thus remove that
ether which is within the heart, so that its light
appears, as it were. Therefore the worshipper becomes
identified with that light without much delay. As
a ball of iron, if placed in the earth, becomes earth without
much delay, and as, when it has once become a
clod of earth, fire and smiths have nothing more to do
with that ball of iron, thus does thought (without
delay) disappear, together with its support. And thus it is
said:
`The shrine which consists of the ether in the heart, the
blissful, the highest retreat, that is our own, that is
our goal, and that is the heat and brightness of the fire
and the sun.'

And thus it has been said elsewhere: After having left
behind the body, the organs of sense, and the
objects of sense (as no longer belonging to us), and
having seized the bow whose stick is fortitude and
whose string is asceticism, having struck down also with
the arrow, which consists in freedom from
egotism, the first guardian of the door of Brahman (for if
man looks at the world egotistically, then,
taking the diadem of passion, the earrings of greed and
envy, and the staff of sloth, sleep, and sin, and
having seized the bow whose string is anger, and whose
stick is lust, he destroys with the arrow which
consists of wishes, all beings) having therefore killed
that guardian, he crosses by means of the boat
Om to the other side of the ether within the heart, and
when the ether becomes revealed (as Brahman), he
enters slowly, as a miner seeking minerals in a mine, into
the Hall of Brahman. After that let him, by
means of the doctrine of his teacher, break through the
shrine of Brahman, which consists of the four nets
(of food, breath, mind, knowledge, till he reaches the last
shrine, that of blessedness and identity with
Brahman). Thenceforth pure, clean, undeveloped,
tranquil, breathless, bodiless, endless, imperishable,
firm, everlasting, unborn and independent, he stands on
his own greatness, and having seen (the Self),
standing in his own greatness, he looks on the wheel of
the world as one (who has alighted from a chariot)
looks on its revolving wheel. And thus it is said:
`If a man practises Yoga for six months and is thoroughly
free (from the outer world), then the perfect
Yoga (union), which is endless, high, and hidden, is
accomplished.
But if a man, though well enlightened (by instruction), is
still pierced by (the gunas of) passion and
darkness, and attached to his children, wife, and house,
then perfect Yoga is never accomplished.'

After he had thus spoken (to Brihadratha), Sakayanya,
absorbed in thought, bowed before him, and said:
`O King, by means of this Brahma-knowledge have the
sons of Pragapati (the Valakhilyas) gone to the
road of Brahman. Through the practice of Yoga a man
obtains contentment, power to endure good and
evil, and tranquillity. Let no man preach this most secret
doctrine to any one who is not his son or his
pupil, and who is not of a serene mind. To him alone who
is devoted to his teacher only, and endowed
with all necessary qualities, may he communicate it.

Om! Having settled down in a pure place let him, being
pure himself, and firm in goodness, study the
truth, speak the truth, think the truth, and offer sacrifice to
the truth. Henceforth he has become another;
by obtaining the reward of Brahman his fetters are cut
asunder, he knows no hope, no fear from others as
little as from himself, he knows no desires; and having
attained imperishable, infinite happiness, he
stands blessed in the true Brahman, who longs for a true
man. Freedom from desires is, as it were, the
highest prize to be taken from the best treasure
(Brahman). For a man full of all desires, being possessed
of will, imagination, and belief, is a slave; but he who is
the opposite, is free.
Here some say, it is the Guna (i.e. the so-called Mahat,
the principle of intellect which, according to the
Sankhyas, is the result of the Gunas or qualities), which,
through the differences of nature (acquired in the
former states of existence), goes into bondage to the will,
and that deliverance takes place (for the Guna)
when the fault of the will has been removed. (But this is
not our view), because (call it guna, intellect,
buddhi, manas, mind, ahankara, egotism, it is not the
mind that acts, but) he sees by the mind (as his
instrument), he hears by the mind; and all that we call
desire, imagination, doubt, belief, unbelief,
certainty, uncertainty, shame, thought, fear, all that is but
mind (manas). Carried along by the waves of
the qualities, darkened in his imaginations, unstable,
fickle, crippled, full of desires, vacillating, he enters
into belief, believing I am he, this is mine, and he binds
his Self by his Self, as a bird with a net.
Therefore a man, being possessed of will, imagination,
and belief, is a slave, but he who is the opposite is
free. For this reason let a man stand free from will,
imagination, and belief this is the sign of liberty,
this is the path that leads to Brahman, this is the opening
of the door, and through it he will go to the
other shore of darkness. All desires are there fulfilled.
And for this they quote a verse:
"When the five instruments of knowledge stand still
together with the mind, and when the intellect does
not move, that is called the highest state."'
Having thus said, Sakayanya became absorbed in
thought. Then Marut (i.e. the King Brihadratha),
having bowed before him and duly worshipped him, went
full of contentment to the Northern Path, for
there is no way thither by any side-road. This is the path
to Brahman. Having burst open the solar door,
he rose on high and went away. And here they quote:
`There are endless rays (arteries) for the Self who, like a
lamp, dwells in the heart: white and black, brown
and blue, tawny and reddish.
One of them (the Sushumna) leads upwards, piercing the
solar orb: by it, having stepped beyond the world
of Brahman, they go to the highest path.
The other hundred rays rise upwards also, and on them
the worshipper reaches the mansions belonging to
the different bodies of gods.
But the manifest rays of dim colour which lead
downwards, by them a man travels on and on helplessly,
to
enjoy the fruits of his actions here.'
Therefore it is said that the holy Aditya (sun) is the cause
of new births (to those who do not worship
him), of heaven (to those who worship him as a god), of
liberty (to those who worship him as Brahman).

Some one asks: `Of what nature are those organs of
sense that go forth (towards their objects)? Who
sends them out here, or who holds them back?'
Another answers: `Their nature is the Self; the Self sends
them out, or holds them back; also the Apsaras
(enticing objects of sense), and the solar rays (and other
deities presiding over the senses).'
Now the Self devours the objects by the five rays (the
organs of sense); then who is the Self?
He who has been defined by the terms pure, clean,
undeveloped, tranquil, &c., who is to be apprehended
independently by his own peculiar signs. That sign of him
who has no signs, is like what the pervading
heat is of fire, the purest taste of water; thus say some. It
is speech, hearing, sight, mind, breath; thus say
others. It is intellect, retention, remembering, knowledge;
thus say others. Now all these are signs of the
Self in the same sense in which here on earth shoots are
the signs of seed, or smoke, light, and sparks of
fire. And for this they quote:
`As the sparks from the fire, and as the rays from the sun,
thus do his Pranas and the rest in proper order
again and again proceed from him here on earth.'

From this very Self, abiding within his Self, come forth all
Pranas (speech, &c.), all worlds, all Vedas, all
gods, and all beings; its Upanishad (revelation) is that it is
`the true of the true.' Now as from a fire of
green wood, when kindled, clouds of smoke come forth
by themselves (though belonging to the fire), thus
from that great Being has been breathed forth all this
which is the Rig-veda, the Yagur-veda, the Samaveda, the Atharvangirasas (Atharva-veda), the Itihasa
(legendary stories), the Purana (accounts of the
creation, &c.), Vidya (ceremonial doctrines), the
Upanishads, the Slokas (verses interspersed in the
Upanishads, &c.), the Sutras (compendious statements),
the Anuvyakhyanas (explanatory notes), the
Vyakhyanas (elucidations) all these things are his.

This fire (the Garhapatya-fire) with five bricks is the year.
And its five bricks are spring, summer, rainy
season, autumn, winter; and by them the fire has a head,
two sides, a centre, and a tail. This earth (the
Garhapatya-fire) here is the first sacrificial pile for
Pragapati, who knows the Purusha (the Virag). It
presented the sacrificer to Vayu (the wind) by lifting him
with the hands to the sky. That Vayu is Prana
(Hiranyagarbha).
Prana is Agni (the Dakshinagni-fire), and its bricks are the
five vital breaths, Prana, Vyana, Apana,
Samana, Udana; and by them the fire has a head, two
sides, a centre, and a tail. This sky (the
Dakshinagni-fire) here is the second sacrificial pile for
Pragapati, who knows the Purusha. It presented
the sacrificer to Indra, by lifting him with the hands to
heaven. That Indra is Aditya, the sun.
That (Indra) is the Agni (the Ahavaniya-fire), and its bricks
are the Rik, the Yagush, the Saman, the
Atharvangirasas, the Itihasa, and the Purana; and by
them the fire has a head, two sides, a tail, and a
centre. This heaven (Ahavaniya-fire) is the third sacrificial
pile for Pragapati, who knows the Purusha.
With the hands it makes a present of the sacrificer to the
Knower of the Self (Pragapati); then the Knower
of the Self, lifting him up, presented him to Brahman. In
him he becomes full of happiness and joy.

The earth is the Garhapatya-fire, the sky the Dakshinafire, the heaven the Ahavaniya-fire; and therefore
they are also the Pavamana (pure), the Pavaka
(purifying), and the Suki (bright). By this (by the three
deities, Pavamana, Pavaka, and Suki) the sacrifice (of the
three fires, the Garhapatya, Dakshina, and
Ahavaniya) is manifested. And because the digestive fire
also is a compound of the Pavamana, Pavaka,
and Suki, therefore that fire is to receive oblations, is to
be laid with bricks, is to be praised, and to be
meditated on. The sacrificer, when he has seized the
oblation, wishes to perform his meditation of the
deity:
`The gold-coloured bird abides in the heart, and in the
sun a diver bird, a swan, strong in splendour;
him we worship in the fire.'
Having recited the verse, he discovers its meaning, viz.
the adorable splendour of Savitri (sun) is to be
meditated on by him who, abiding within his mind,
meditates thereon. Here he attains the place of rest
for the mind, he holds it within his own Self. On this there
are the following verses:
(1) As a fire without fuel becomes quiet in its place, thus
do the thoughts, when all activity ceases,
become quiet in their place.
(2) Even in a mind which loves the truth and has gone to
rest in itself there arise, when it is deluded by
the objects of sense, wrongs resulting from former acts.
(3) For thoughts alone cause the round of births; let a
man strive to purify his thoughts. What a man
thinks, that he is: this is the old secret.
(4) By the serenity of his thoughts a man blots out all
actions, whether good or bad. Dwelling within his
Self with serene thoughts, he obtains imperishable
happiness.
(5) If the thoughts of a man were so fixed on Brahman as
they are on the things of this world, who would
not then be freed from bondage?
(6) The mind, it is said, is of two kinds, pure or impure;
impure from the contact with lust, pure when
free from lust.
(7) When a man, having freed his mind from sloth,
distraction, and vacillation, becomes as it were
delivered from his mind, that is the highest point.
(8) The mind must be restrained in the heart till it comes
to an end; that is knowledge, that is liberty:
all the rest are extensions of the ties (which bind us to this
life).
(9) That happiness which belongs to a mind which by
deep meditation has been washed clean from all
impurity and has entered within the Self, cannot be
described here by words; it can be felt by the inward
power only.
(10) Water in water, fire in fire, ether in ether, no one can
distinguish them; likewise a man whose mind
has entered (till it cannot be distinguished from the Self),
attains liberty.
(11) Mind alone is the cause of bondage and liberty for
men; if attached to the world, it becomes bound; if
free from the world, that is liberty.
Therefore those who do not offer the Agnihotra (as
described above), who do not lay the fires (with the
bricks, as described above), who are ignorant (of the
mind being the cause of the round of births), who do
not meditate (on the Self in the solar orb) are debarred
from remembering the ethereal place of Brahman.
Therefore that fire is to receive oblations, is to be laid with
bricks, is to be praised, to be meditated on.

Adoration to Agni, the dweller on earth, who remembers
his world. Grant that world to this thy
worshipper!
Adoration to Vayu, the dweller in the sky, who remembers
his world. Grant that world to this thy
worshipper!
Adoration to Aditya, the dweller in heaven, who
remembers his world. Grant that world to this thy
worshipper!
Adoration to Brahman, who dwells everywhere, who
remembers all. Grant all to this thy worshipper!
The mouth of the true (Brahman) is covered with a golden
lid; open that, O Pushan (sun), that we may go
to the true one, who pervades all (Vishnu).
He who is the person in the sun, I am he.
And what is meant by the true one is the essence of the
sun, that which is bright, personal, sexless; a
portion (only) of the light which pervades the ether; which
is, as it were, in the midst of the sun, and in
the eye, and in the fire. That is Brahman, that is immortal,
that is splendour.
That is the true one, a portion (only) of the light which
pervades the ether, which is in the midst of the
sun, the immortal, of which Soma (the moon) and the vital
breaths also are offshoots: that is Brahman,
that is immortal, that is splendour.
That is the true one, a portion (only) of the light which
pervades the ether, which in the midst of the sun
shines as Yagus, viz. as Om, as water, light, essence,
immortal, Brahman, Bhuh, Bhuvah, Svar, Om.
`The eight-footed, the bright, the swan, bound with three
threads, the infinitely small, the imperishable,
blind for good and evil, kindled with light he who sees
him, sees everything.'
A portion (only) of the light which pervades the ether, are
the two rays rising in the midst of the sun.
That is the knower (the Sun), the true one. That is the
Yagus, that is the heat, that is Agni (fire), that is
Vayu (wind), that is breath, that is water, that is the moon,
that is bright, that is immortal, that is the place
of Brahman, that is the ocean of light. In that ocean the
sacrificers are dissolved like salt, and that is
oneness with Brahman, for all desires are there fulfilled.
And here they quote:
`Like a lamp, moved by a gentle wind, he who dwells
within the gods shines forth. He who knows this, he
is the knower, he knows the difference (between the high
and the highest Brahman); having obtained
unity, he becomes identified with it.
They who rise up in endless number, like spray drops
(from the sea), like lightnings from the light within
the clouds in the highest heaven, they, when they have
entered into the light of glory (Brahman), appear
like so many flame-crests in the track of fire.'

There are two manifestations of the Brahma-light: one is
tranquil, the other lively. Of that which is
tranquil, the ether is the support; of that which is lively,
food. Therefore (to the former) sacrifice must be
offered on the house-altar with hymns, herbs, ghee, meat,
cakes, sthalipaka, and other things; to the latter,
with meat and drinks (belonging to the great sacrifices)
thrown into the mouth, for the mouth is the
Ahavaniya-fire; and this is done to increase our bodily
vigour, to gain the world of purity, and for the sake
of immortality. And here they quote:
`Let him who longs for heaven, offer an Agnihotra. By an
Agnishtoma he wins the kingdom of Yama; by
Uktha, the kingdom of Soma; by a Shodasin-sacrifice, the
kingdom of Surya; by an Atiratra-sacrifice, the
kingdom of Indra; by the sacrifices beginning with the
twelve-night sacrifice and ending with the
thousand years' sacrifice, the world of Pragapati.
As a lamp burns so long as the vessel that holds the wick
is filled with oil, these two, the Self and the
bright Sun, remain so long as the egg (of the world) and
he who dwells within it hold together.'

Therefore let a man perform all these ceremonies with the
syllable Om (at the beginning). Its splendour is
endless, and it is declared to be threefold, in the fire (of
the altar), in the sun (the deity), in the breath (the
sacrificer). Now this is the channel to increase the food,
which makes what is offered in the fire ascend to
the sun. The sap which flows from thence, rains down as
with the sound of a hymn. By it there are vital
breaths, from them there is offspring. And here they
quote:
`The offering which is offered in the fire, goes to the sun;
the sun rains it down by his rays; thus food
comes, and from food the birth of living beings.'
And thus he said:
`The oblation which is properly thrown on the fire, goes
toward the sun; from the sun comes rain, from
rain food, from food living beings.'

He who offers the Agnihotra breaks through the net of
desire. Then, cutting through bewilderment, never
approving of anger, meditating on one desire (that of
liberty), he breaks through the shrine of Brahman
with its four nets, and proceeds thence to the ether. For
having there broken through the (four) spheres of
the Sun, the Moon, the Fire, and Goodness, he then,
being purified himself, beholds dwelling in goodness,
immovable, immortal, indestructible, firm, bearing the
name of Vishnu, the highest abode, endowed with
love of truth and omniscience, the self-dependent
Intelligence (Brahman), standing in its own greatness.
And here they quote:
`In the midst of the sun stands the moon, in the midst of
the moon the fire, in the midst of fire goodness,
in the midst of goodness the Eternal.'
Having meditated on him who has the breadth of a thumb
within the span (of the heart) in the body, who
is smaller than small, he obtains the nature of the
Highest; there all desires are fulfilled. And on this they
quote:
`Having the breadth of a thumb within the span (of the
heart) in the body, like the flame of a lamp,
burning twofold or threefold, that glorified Brahman, the
great God, has entered into all the worlds. Om!
Adoration to Brahman! Adoration!'
Seventh Prapathaka

Agni, the Gayatra (metre), the Trivrit (hymn), the
Rathantara (song), the spring, the upward breath
(prana), the Nakshatras, the Vasus (deities) these rise in
the East; they warm, they rain, they praise
(the sun), they enter again into him (the sun), they look
out from him (the sun). He (the sun) is
inconceivable, without form, deep, covered, blameless,
solid, unfathomable, without qualities, pure,
brilliant, enjoying the play of the three qualities, awful, not
caused, a master-magician, the omniscient, the
mighty, immeasurable, without beginning or end, blissful,
unborn, wise, indescribable, the creator of all
things, the self of all things, the enjoyer of all things, the
ruler of all things, the centre of the centre of all
things.

Indra, the Trishtubh (metre), the Pankadasa (hymn), the
Brihat (song), the summer, the through-going
breath (Vyana), Soma, the Rudras these rise in the
South; they warm, they rain, they praise, they enter
again into him, they look out from him. He (the sun) is
without end or beginning, unmeasured, unlimited,
not to be moved by another, self-dependent, without sign,
without form, of endless power, the creator, the
maker of light.

The Maruts, the Gagati (metre), the Saptadasa (hymn),
the Vairupa (song), the rainy season, the
downward breath (apana), Sukra, the Adityas these rise
in the West; they warm, they rain, they praise,
they enter again into him, they look out from him. That is
the tranquil, the soundless, fearless,
sorrowless, joyful, satisfied, firm, immovable, immortal,
eternal, true, the highest abode, bearing the name
of Vishnu.

The Visve Devas, the Anushtubh (metre), the Ekavimsa
(hymn), the Vairaga (song), the autumn, the
equal breath (samana), Varuna, the Sadhyas these rise
in the North; they warm, they rain, they praise,
they enter again into him, they look out from him. He is
pure within, purifying, undeveloped, tranquil,
breathless, selfless, endless.

Mitra-Varunau, the Pankti (metre), the
Trinavatrayastrimsa (hymns), the Sakvara-raivata
(songs), the
snowy and dewy seasons, the out-going breath (udana),
the Angiras, the Moon these rise above; they
warm, they rain, they praise, they enter again into him,
they look out from him who is called Pranava
(Om), the leader, consisting of light, without sleep, old
age, death, and sorrow.

Sani (Saturn), Rahu and Ketu (the ascending and
descending nodes), the serpents, Rakshas, Yakshas,
men, birds, sarabhas, elephants, &c. these rise below;
they warm, they rain, they praise, they enter
again into him, they look out from him he who is wise,
who keeps things in their right place, the centre
of all, the imperishable, the pure, the purifier, the bright,
the patient, the tranquil.

And he is indeed the Self, smaller (than small) within the
heart, kindled like fire, endowed with all forms.
Of him is all this food, within him all creatures are woven.
That Self is free from sin, free from old age,
from death and grief, from hunger and thirst, imagining
nothing but what it ought to imagine, and
desiring nothing but what it ought to desire. He is the
highest lord, he is the supreme master of all beings,
the guardian of all beings, a boundary keeping all things
apart in their right places. He the Self, the lord,
is indeed Sambhu, Bhava, Rudra, Pragapati, the creator
of all, Hiranyagarbha, the true, breath, the swan,
the ruler, the eternal, Vishnu, Narayana. And he who
abides in the fire, and he who abides in the heart,
and he who abides in the sun, they are one and the
same. To thee who art this, endowed with all forms,
settled in the true ether, be adoration!

Now follow the impediments in the way of knowledge, O
King! This is indeed the origin of the net of
bewilderment, that one who is worthy of heaven lives with
those who are not worthy of heaven. That is it.
Though they have been told that there is a grove before
them, they cling to a small shrub. And others also
who are always merry, always abroad, always begging,
always making a living by handiwork; and others
who are begging in towns, performing sacrifices for those
who are not allowed to offer sacrifices, who
make themselves the pupils of Sudras, and Sudras who
know the sacred books; and others who are
malignant, who use bad language, dancers, prizefighters, travelling mendicants, actors, those who have
been degraded in the king's service; and others who for
money pretend that they can lay (the evil
influences) of Yakshas, Rakshasas, ghosts, goblins,
devils, serpents, imps, &c.; and others who falsely
wear red dresses, earrings, and skulls; and others who
wish to entice by the jugglery of false arguments,
mere comparisons and paralogisms, the believers in the
Veda with all these he should not live together.
They are clearly thieves, and unworthy of heaven. And
thus it is said:
`The world unsettled by the paralogisms of the denial of
Self, by false comparisons and arguments, does
not know what is the difference between Veda and
philosophy.'

Brihaspati, having become Sukra, brought forth that false
knowledge for the safety of Indra and for the
destruction of the Asuras. By it they show that good is
evil, and that evil is good. They say that we ought
to ponder on the (new) law, which upsets the Veda and
the other sacred books. Therefore let no one
ponder on that false knowledge: it is wrong, it is, as it
were, barren. Its reward lasts only as long as the
pleasure lasts, as with one who has fallen from his caste.
Let that false science not be attempted, for thus
it is said:
(1) Widely opposed and divergent are these two, the one
known as false knowledge, the other as
knowledge. I (Yama) believe Nakiketas to be possessed
by a desire of knowledge; even many pleasures do
not move thee.
(2) (2) He who knows at the same time both the
imperfect (sacrifice, &c.) and the perfect knowledge (of
the Self), he crosses death by means of the imperfect,
and obtains immortality by means of the perfect
knowledge.
(3) Those who are wrapped up in the midst of imperfect
knowledge, fancying themselves alone wise and
learned, they wander about floundering and deceived, like
the blind led by the blind.

The gods and the demons, wishing to know the Self, went
into the presence of Brahman (their father,
Pragapati). Having bowed before him, they said: `O
blessed one, we wish to know the Self, do thou tell
us.' Then, after having pondered a long while, he
thought, these demons are not yet self-subdued;
therefore a very different Self was told to them (from what
was told to the gods). On that Self these
deluded demons take their stand, clinging to it, destroying
the true means of salvation (the Veda),
preaching untruth. What is untrue they see as true, as in
jugglery. Therefore, what is taught in the Vedas,
that is true. What is said in the Vedas, on that the wise
keep their stand. Therefore let a Brahman not
read what is not of the Veda, or this will be the result.

This is indeed the nature of it (the Veda), the supreme
light of the ether which is within the heart. This is
taught as threefold, in the fire, in the sun, in the breath.
This is indeed the nature of it, the syllable Om,
of the ether which is within the heart. By it (by the Om)
that (light) starts, rises, breathes forth, becomes
for ever the means of the worship and knowledge of
Brahman. That (light, in the shape of Om), when
there is breathing, takes the place of the internal heat,
free from all brightness. This is like the action of
smoke; for when there is a breath of air, the smoke, first
rising to the sky in one column, follows
afterwards every bough, envelopes it and takes its shape.
It is like throwing salt (into water), like heating
ghee. The Veda comes and goes like the dissolving view
of a master-magician. And here they quote:
`Why then is it called "like lightning?" Because as soon
as it comes forth (as Om) it lights up the whole
body. Therefore let a man worship that boundless light
by the syllable Om.'
(1) The man in the eye who abides in the right eye, he is
Indra, and his wife abides in the left eye.
(2) The union of these two takes place in the cavity within
the heart, and the ball of blood which is there,
that is indeed the vigour and life of these two.
(3) There is a channel going from the heart so far, and
fixed in that eye; that is the artery for both of
them, being one, divided into two.
(4) The mind excites the fire of the body, that fire stirs the
breath, and the breath, moving in the chest,
produces the low sound.
(5) Brought forth by the touch of the fire, as with a
churning-stick, it is at first a minim, from the minim
it becomes in the throat a double minim; on the tip of the
tongue know that it is a treble minim, and, when
uttered, they call it the alphabet ({stoicheia [greek]}).
(6) He who sees this, does not see death, nor disease,
nor misery, for seeing he sees all (objectively, not as
affecting him subjectively); he becomes all everywhere
(he becomes Brahman).
(7) There is the person in the eye, there is he who walks
as in sleep, he who is sound asleep, and he who
is above the sleeper: these are the four conditions (of the
Self), and the fourth is greater than all.
(8) Brahman with one foot moves in the three, and
Brahman with three feet is in the last.
It is that both the true (in the fourth condition) and the
untrue (in the three conditions) may have their
desert, that the Great Self (seems to) become two, yes,
that he (seems to) become two.
