In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.
Praise be to Allah, Lord of the Worlds,
The Beneficent, the Merciful.
Master of the Day of Judgment,
Thee [alone] we worship; Thee [alone] we ask for help.
Show us the straight path,
The path of those whom Thou hast favoured; Not the [path] of those who earn
Thine anger nor of those who go astray.
Alif. Lam. Mim.
This is the Scripture whereof there is no doubt, a guidance unto those who
ward off [evil].
Who believe in the Unseen, and establish worship, and spend of that We have
bestowed upon them;
And who believe in that which is revealed unto thee [Muhammad] and that which
was revealed before thee, and are certain of the Hereafter.
These depend on guidance from their Lord. These are the successful.
As for the Disbelievers, Whether thou warn them or thou warn them not it is
all one for them; they believe not.
Allah hath sealed their hearing and their hearts, and on their eyes there is
a covering. Theirs will be an awful doom.
And of mankind are some who say: We believe in Allah and the Last Day, when
they believe not.
They think to beguile Allah and those who believe, and they beguile none save
themselves; but they perceive not.
In their hearts is a disease, and Allah increaseth their disease. A painful
doom is theirs because they lie.
And when it is said unto them: Make not mischief in the earth, they say: We
are peacemakers only.
Are not they indeed the mischief-makers? But they perceive not.
And when it is said unto them: believe as the people believe, they say:
shall we believe as the foolish believe? are not they indeed the foolish? But
they know not.
And when they fall in with those who believe, they say: We believe; but when
they go apart to their devils they declare: Lo! we are with you; verily we did
but mock.
Allah [Himself] doth mock them, leaving them to wander blindly on in their
contumacy.
These are they who purchase error at the price of guidance, so their
commerce doth not prosper, neither are they guided.
Their likeness is as the likeness of one who kindleth fire, and when it
sheddeth its light around him Allah taketh away their light and leaveth them in
darkness, where they cannot see,
Deaf, dumb and blind; and they return not.
Or like a rainstorm from the sky, wherein is darkness, thunder and the flash
of lightning. They thrust their fingers in their ears by reason of the thunderclaps, for fear of death, Allah encompasseth the disbelievers [in His guidance,
His omniscience and His omnipotence].
The lightning almost snatcheth away their sight from them. As often as it
flasheth forth for them they walk therein, and when it darkeneth against them
they stand still. If Allah willed, He could destroy their hearing and their
sight. Lo! Allah is able to do all things.
O mankind! worship your Lord, Who hath created you and those before you, so
that ye may ward off [evil].
Who hath appointed the earth a resting-place for you, and the sky a canopy;
and causeth water to pour down from the sky, thereby producing fruits as food
for you. And do not set up rivals to Allah when ye know [better].
And if ye are in doubt concerning that which We reveal unto Our slave
beside Allah if ye are truthful.
And if ye do it not - and ye can never do it - then guard yourselves against
the Fire prepared for disbelievers, whose fuel is of men and stones.
And give glad tidings [O Muhammad] unto those who believe and do good works;
that theirs are Gardens underneath which rivers flow; as often as they are
regaled with food of the fruit thereof, they say: this is what was given us
aforetime; and it is given to them in resemblance. There for them are pure
companions; there for ever they abide.
Lo! Allah disdaineth not to coin the similitude even of a gnat. Those who
believe know that it is the truth from their Lord; but those who disbelieve say:
What doth Allah wish [to teach] by such a similitude? He misleadeth many
thereby, and He guideth many thereby; and He misleadeth thereby only miscreants;
Those who break the covenant of Allah after ratifying it, and sever that
which Allah ordered to be joined, and [who] make mischief in the earth: Those
are they who are the losers.
How disbelieve ye in Allah when ye were dead and He gave life to you! Then
He will give you death, then life again, and then unto Him ye will return.
He it is Who created for you all that is in the earth. Then turned He to the
heaven, and fashioned it as seven heavens. And He is knower of all things.
And when thy Lord said unto the angels: Lo! I am about to place a viceroy in
the earth, they said: Wilt thou place therein one who will do harm therein and
will shed blood, while we, we hymn Thy praise and sanctify Thee? He said: Surely
I know that which ye know not.
And He taught Adam all the names, then showed them to the angels, saying:
Inform Me of the names of these, if ye are truthful.
They said: Be glorified! We have no knowledge saving that which Thou hast
taught us. Lo! Thou, only Thou, art the Knower, the Wise.
He said: O Adam! Inform them of their names, and when he had informed them
of their names, He said: Did I not tell you that I know the secret of the
heavens and the earth? And I know that which ye disclose and which ye hide.
And when We said unto the angels: Prostrate yourselves before Adam, they
fell prostrate, all save Iblis. He demurred through pride, and so became a
disbeliever.
And We said: O Adam! Dwell thou and thy wife in the Garden, and eat ye
freely [of the fruits] thereof where ye will; but come not nigh this tree lest
ye become wrong-doers.
But Satan caused them to deflect therefrom and expelled them from the
[happy] state in which they were; and We said: Fall down, one of you a foe unto
the other! There shall be for you on earth a habitation and provision for a
time.
Then Adam received from his Lord words [of revelation], and He relented
toward him. Lo! He is the relenting, the Merciful.
We said: Go down, all of you, from hence; but verily there cometh unto you
from Me a guidance; and whoso followeth My guidance, there shall no fear come
upon them neither shall they grieve.
But they who disbelieve, and deny Our revelations, such are rightful Peoples
of the Fire. They will abide therein.
O Children of Israel! Remember My favour wherewith I favoured you, and
fulfil your [part of the] covenant, I shall fulfil My [part of the] covenant,
and fear Me.
And believe in that which I reveal, confirming that which ye possess already
[of the Scripture], and be not first to disbelieve therein, and part not with My
revelations for a trifling price, and keep your duty unto Me.
Confound not truth with falsehood, nor knowingly conceal the truth.
Establish worship, pay the poor-due, and bow your heads with those who bow
[in worship].
Enjoin ye righteousness upon mankind while ye yourselves forget [to practise
it]? And ye are readers of the Scripture! Have ye then no sense?
Seek help in patience and prayer; and truly it is hard save for the humbleminded,
Who know that they will have to meet their Lord, and that unto Him they are
returning.
O Children of Israel! Remember My favour wherewith I favoured you and how I
preferred you to [all] creatures.
And guard yourselves against a day when no soul will in aught avail another,
nor will intercession be accepted from it, nor will compensation be received
from it, nor will they be helped.
And [remember] when We did deliver you from Pharaoh's folk, who were
afflicting you with dreadful torment, slaying your sons and sparing your women:
that was a tremendous trial from your Lord.
And when We brought you through the sea and rescued you, and drowned the
folk of Pharaoh in your sight.
And when We did appoint for Moses forty nights [of solitude], and then ye
chose the calf, when he had gone from you, and were wrong-doers.
Then, even after that, We pardoned you in order that ye might give thanks.
And when We gave unto Moses the Scripture and the criterion [of right and
wrong], that ye might be led aright.
And when Moses said unto his people: O my people! Ye have wronged yourselves
by your choosing of the calf [for worship] so turn in penitence to your Creator,
and kill [the guilty] yourselves. That will be best for you with your Creator
and He will relent toward you. Lo! He is the Relenting, the Merciful.
And when ye said: O Moses! We will not believe in thee till we see Allah
plainly; and even while ye gazed the lightning seized you.
Then We revived you after your extinction, that ye might give thanks.
And We caused the white cloud to overshadow you and sent down on you the
manna and the quails, [saying]: Eat of the good things wherewith We have
provided you - they wronged Us not, but they did wrong themselves.
And when We said: Go into this township and eat freely of that which is
therein, and enter the gate prostrate, and say: "Repentance." We will forgive
you your sins and will increase [reward] for the right-doers.
But those who did wrong changed the word which had been told them for
another saying, and We sent down upon the evil-doers wrath from heaven for their
evil-doing.
And when Moses asked for water for his people, We said: Smite with thy staff
the rock. And there gushed out therefrom twelve springs [so that] each tribe
knew their drinking-place. Eat and drink of that which Allah hath provided, and
do not act corruptly, making mischief in the earth.
And when ye said: O Moses! We are weary of one kind of food; so call upon
thy Lord for us that He bring forth for us of that which the earth groweth - of
its herbs and its cucumbers and its corn and its lentils and its onions. He
said: Would ye exchange that which is higher for that which is lower? Go down to
settled country, thus ye shall get that which ye demand. And humiliation and
wretchedness were stamped upon them and they were visited with wrath from Allah.
That was because they disbelieved in Allah's revelations and slew the prophets
wrongfully. That was for their disobedience and transgression.
Lo! Those who believe [in that which is revealed unto thee, Muhammad], and
those who are Jews, and Christians, and Sabaeans - whoever believeth in Allah
and the Last Day and doeth right - surely their reward is with their Lord, and
there shall no fear come upon them neither shall they grieve.
And [remember, O Children of Israel] when We made a covenant with you and
caused the mount to tower above you, [saying]: Hold fast that which We have
given you, and remember that which is therein, that ye may ward off [evil].
Then, even after that, ye turned away, and if it had not been for the grace
of Allah and His mercy ye had been among the losers.
And ye know of those of you who broke the Sabbath, how We said unto them: Be
ye apes, despised and hated!
And We made it an example to their own and to succeeding generations, and an
admonition to the Allah-fearing.
And when Moses said unto his people: Lo! Allah commandeth you that ye
sacrifice a cow, they said: Dost thou make game of us? He answered: Allah forbid
that I should be among the foolish!
They said: Pray for us unto thy Lord that He make clear to us what [cow] she
is. [Moses] answered: Lo! He saith, Verily she is a cow neither with calf nor
immature; [she is] between the two conditions; so do that which ye are
commanded.
They said: Pray for us unto thy Lord that He make clear to us of what colour
she is. [Moses] answered: Lo! He saith: Verily she is a yellow cow. Bright is
her colour, gladdening beholders.
They said: Pray for us unto thy Lord that He make clear to us what [cow] she
is. Lo! cows are much alike to us; and Lo! if Allah wills, we may be led aright.
[Moses] answered: Lo! He saith: Verily she is a cow unyoked; she plougheth
not the soil nor watereth the tilth; whole and without mark. They said: Now thou
bringest the truth. So they sacrificed her, though almost they did not.
And [remember] when ye slew a man and disagreed concerning it and Allah
brought forth that which ye were hiding.
And We said: Smite him with some of it. Thus Allah bringeth the dead to life
and showeth you His portents so that ye may understand.
Then, even after that, your hearts were hardened
worse than rocks, for hardness. For indeed there are
gush, and indeed there are rocks which split asunder
them. And indeed there are rocks which fall down for
not unaware of what ye do.
and became as rocks, or
rocks from out which rivers
so that water floweth from
the fear of Allah. Allah is
Have ye any hope that they will be true to you when a party of them used to
listen to the word of Allah, then used to change it, after they had understood
it, knowingly?
And when they fall in with those who believe, they say: We believe. But when
they go apart one with another they say: Prate ye to them of that which Allah
hath disclosed to you that they may contend with you before your Lord concerning
it? Have ye then no sense?
Are they then unaware that Allah knoweth that which they keep hidden and
that which they proclaim?
Among them are unlettered folk who know the Scripture not except from
hearsay. They but guess.
Therefore woe be unto those who write the Scripture with their hands and
then say, "This is from Allah," that they may purchase a small gain therewith.
Woe unto them for that their hands have written, and woe unto them for that they
earn thereby.
And they say: The Fire [of punishment] will not touch us save for a certain
number of days. Say: Have ye received a covenant from Allah - truly Allah will
not break His covenant - or tell ye concerning Allah that which ye know not?
Nay, but whosoever hath done evil and his sin surroundeth him; such are
rightful owners of the Fire; they will abide therein.
And those who believe and do good works: such are rightful owners of the
Garden. They will abide therein.
And [remember] when We made a
[saying]: Worship none save Allah
and to orphans and the needy, and
and pay the poor-due. Then, after
averse.
covenant with the Children of Israel,
[only], and be good to parents and to kindred
speak kindly to mankind; and establish worship
that, ye slid back, save a few of you, being
And when We made with you a covenant [saying]: Shed not the blood of your
people nor turn [a party of] your people out of your dwellings. Then ye ratified
[Our covenant] and ye were witnesses [thereto].
Yet ye it is who slay each other and drive out a party of your people from
their homes, supporting one another against them by sin and transgression? - and
if they came to you as captives ye would ransom them, whereas their expulsion
was itself unlawful for you - Believe ye in part of the Scripture and disbelieve
ye in part thereof? And what is the reward of those who do so save ignominy in
the life of the world, and on the Day of Resurrection they will be consigned to
the most grievous doom. For Allah is not unaware of what ye do.
Such are those who buy the life of the world at the price of the Hereafter.
Their punishment will not be lightened, neither will they have support.
And verily We gave unto Moses the Scripture and We caused a train of
messengers to follow after him, and We gave unto Jesus, son of Mary, clear
proofs [of Allah's sovereignty], and We supported him with the Holy spirit. Is
it ever so, that, when there cometh unto you a messenger [from Allah] with that
which ye yourselves desire not, ye grow arrogant, and some ye disbelieve and
some ye slay?
And they say: Our hearts are hardened. Nay, but Allah hath cursed them for
their unbelief. Little is that which they believe.
And when there cometh unto them a scripture from Allah, confirming that in
their possession - though before that they were asking for a signal triumph over
those who disbelieved - and when there cometh unto them that which they know [to
be the truth] they disbelieve therein. The curse of Allah is on disbelievers.
Evil is that for which they sell their souls: that they should disbelieve in
that which Allah hath revealed, grudging that Allah should reveal of His bounty
unto whom He will of His slaves. They have incurred anger upon anger. For
disbelievers is a shameful doom.
And when it is said unto them: Believe in that which Allah hath revealed,
they say: We believe in that which was revealed unto us. And they disbelieve in
that which cometh after it, though it is the truth confirming that which they
possess. Say [unto them, O Muhammad]: Why then slew ye the prophets of Allah
aforetime, if ye are [indeed] believers?
And Moses came unto you with clear proofs [of Allah's Sovereignty], yet,
while he was away, ye chose the calf [for worship] and ye were wrong-doers.
And when We made with you a covenant and caused the Mount to tower above
you, [saying]: Hold fast by that which We have given you, and hear [Our Word],
they said: We hear and we rebel. And [worship of] the calf was made to sink into
their hearts because of their rejection [of the covenant]. Say [unto them]: Evil
is that which your belief enjoineth on you, if ye are believers.
Say [unto them]: If the abode of the Hereafter in the providence of Allah is
indeed for you alone and not for others of mankind [as ye pretend], then long
for death [for ye must long for death] if ye are truthful.
But they will never long for it, because of that which their own hands have
sent before them. Allah is aware of evil-doers.
And thou wilt find them greediest of mankind for life and [greedier] than
the idolaters. [Each] one of them would like to be allowed to live a thousand
years. And to live [a thousand years] would be no means remove him from the
doom. Allah is Seer of what they do.
Say [O Muhammad, to mankind]: Who is an enemy to Gabriel! For he it is who
hath revealed [this Scripture] to thy heart by Allah's leave, confirming that
which was [revealed] before it, and a guidance and glad tidings to believers;
Who is an enemy to Allah, and His angels and His messengers, and Gabriel and
Michael! Then, lo! Allah [Himself] is an enemy to the disbelievers.
Verily We have revealed unto thee clear tokens, and only miscreants will
disbelieve in them.
Is it ever so that when they make a covenant a party of them set it aside?
The truth is, most of them believe not.
And when there cometh unto them a messenger from Allah, confirming that
which they possess, a party of those who have received the Scripture fling the
Scripture of Allah behind their backs as if they knew not,
And follow that which the devils falsely related against the kingdom of
Solomon. Solomon disbelieved not; but the devils disbelieved, teaching mankind
magic and that which was revealed to the two angels in Babel, Harut and Marut.
Nor did they [the two angels] teach it to anyone till they had said: We are only
a temptation, therefore disbelieve not [in the guidance of Allah]. And from
these two [angles] people learn that by which they cause division between man
and wife; but they injure thereby no-one save by Allah's leave. And they learn
that which harmeth them and profiteth them not. And surely they do know that he
who trafficketh therein will have no [happy] portion in the Hereafter; and
surely evil is the price for which they sell their souls, if they but knew.
And if they had believed and kept from evil, a recompense from Allah would
be better, if they only knew.
O ye who believe, say not [unto the Prophet]: "Listen to us" but say "Look
upon us," and be ye listeners. For disbelievers is a painful doom.
Neither those who disbelieve among the people of the Scripture nor the
idolaters love that there should be sent down unto you any good thing from your
Lord. But Allah chooseth for His mercy whom He will, and Allah is of Infinite
Bounty.
Nothing of our revelation [even a single verse] do we abrogate or cause be
forgotten, but we bring [in place] one better or the like thereof. Knowest thou
not that Allah is Able to do all things?
Knowest thou not that it is Allah unto Whom belongeth the Sovereignty of
the heavens and the earth; and ye have not, beside Allah, any guardian or
helper?
Or would ye question your messenger as Moses was questioned aforetime? He
who chooseth disbelief instead of faith, verily he hath gone astray from a plain
road.
Many of the people of the Scripture long to make you disbelievers after
your belief, through envy on their own account, after the truth hath become
manifest unto them. Forgive and be indulgent [toward them] until Allah give
command. Lo! Allah is Able to do all things.
Establish worship, and pay the poor-due; and whatever of good ye send
before [you] for your souls, ye will find it with Allah. Lo! Allah is Seer of
what ye do.
And they say: None entereth paradise unless he be a Jew or a Christian.
These are their own desires. Say: Bring your proof [of what ye state] if ye are
truthful.
Nay, but whosoever surrendereth his purpose to Allah while doing good, his
reward is with his Lord; and there shall no fear come upon them neither shall
they grieve.
And the Jews say the Christians follow nothing [true], and the Christians
say the Jews follow nothing [true]; yet both are readers of the Scripture. Even
thus speak those who know not. Allah will judge between them on the Day of
Resurrection concerning that wherein they differ.
And who doth greater wrong than he who forbiddeth the approach to the
sanctuaries of Allah lest His name should be mentioned therein, and striveth for
their ruin. As for such, it was never meant that they should enter them except
in fear. Theirs in the world is ignominy and theirs in the Hereafter is an awful
doom.
Unto Allah belong the East and the West, and whithersoever ye turn, there
is Allah's Countenance. Lo! Allah is All-Embracing, All-Knowing.
And they say: Allah hath taken unto Himself a son. Be He glorified! Nay,
but whatsoever is in the heavens and the earth is His. All are subservient unto
Him.
The Originator of the heavens and the earth! When He decreeth a thing, He
saith unto it only: Be! and it is.
And those who have no knowledge say: Why doth not Allah speak unto us, or
some sign come unto us? Even thus, as they now speak, spake those [who were]
before them. Their hearts are all alike. We have made clear the revelations for
people who are sure.
Lo! We have sent thee [O Muhammad] with the truth, a bringer of glad
tidings and a warner. And thou wilt not be asked about the owners of hell-fire.
And the Jews will not be pleased with thee, nor will the Christians, till
thou follow their creed. Say: Lo! the guidance of Allah [Himself] is Guidance.
And if thou shouldst follow their desires after the knowledge which hath come
unto thee, then wouldst thou have from Allah no protecting guardian nor helper.
Those unto whom We have given the Scripture, who read it with the right
reading, those believe in it. And whoso disbelieveth in it, those are they who
are the losers.
O Children of Israel! Remember My favour wherewith I favoured you and how I
preferred you to [all] creatures.
And guard [yourselves] against a day when no soul will in aught avail
another, nor will compensation be accepted from it, nor will intercession be of
use to it; nor will they be helped.
And [remember] when his Lord tried Abraham with [His] commands, and he
fulfilled them, He said: Lo! I have appointed thee a leader for mankind.
[Abraham] said: And of my offspring [will there be leaders]? He said: My
covenant includeth not wrong-doers.
And when We made the House [at Makka] a resort for mankind and sanctuary,
[saying]: Take as your place of worship the place where Abraham stood [to pray].
And We imposed a duty upon Abraham and Ishmael, [saying]: Purify My house for
those who go around and those who meditate therein and those who bow down and
prostrate themselves [in worship].
And when Abraham prayed: My Lord! Make this a region of security and bestow
upon its people fruits, such of them as believe in Allah and the Last Day, He
answered: As for him who disbelieveth, I shall leave him in contentment for a
while, then I shall compel him to the doom of Fire - a hapless journey's end!
And when Abraham and Ishmael were raising the foundations of the House,
[Abraham prayed]: Our Lord! Accept from us [this duty]. Lo! Thou, only Thou, art
the Hearer, the Knower.
Our Lord! And make us submissive unto Thee and of our seed a nation
submissive unto Thee, and show us our ways of worship, and relent toward us. Lo!
Thou, only Thou, art the Relenting, the Merciful.
Our Lord! And raise up in their midst a messenger from among them who shall
recite unto them Thy revelations, and shall instruct them in the Scripture and
in wisdom and shall make them grow. Lo! Thou, only Thou, art the Mighty, Wise.
And who forsaketh the religion of Abraham save him who befooleth himself?
Verily We chose him in the world, and lo! in the Hereafter he is among the
righteous.
When his Lord said unto him: Surrender! he said: I have surrendered to the
Lord of the Worlds.
The same did Abraham enjoin upon his sons, and also Jacob, [saying]: O my
sons! Lo! Allah hath chosen for you the [true] religion; therefore die not save
as men who have surrendered [unto Him].
Or were ye present when death came to Jacob, when he said unto his sons:
What will ye worship after me? They said: We shall worship thy god, the god of
thy fathers, Abraham and Ishmael and Isaac, One Allah, and unto Him we have
surrendered.
Those are a people who have passed away. Theirs is that which they earned,
and yours is that which ye earn. And ye will not be asked of what they used to
do.
And they say: Be Jews or Christians, then ye will be rightly guided. Say
[unto them, O Muhammad]: Nay, but [we follow] the religion of Abraham, the
upright, and he was not of the idolaters.
Say [O Muslims]: We believe in Allah and that which is revealed unto us and
that which was revealed unto Abraham, and Ishmael, and Isaac, and Jacob, and the
tribes, and that which Moses and Jesus received, and that which the prophets
received from their Lord. We make no distinction between any of them, and unto
Him we have surrendered.
And if they believe in the like of that which ye believe, then are they
rightly guided. But if they turn away, then are they in schism, and Allah will
suffice thee [for defence] against them. He is the Hearer, the Knower.
[We take our] colour from Allah, and who is better than Allah at colouring.
We are His worshippers.
Say [unto the People of the Scripture]: Dispute ye with us concerning Allah
when He is our Lord and your Lord? Ours are our works and yours your works. We
look to Him alone.
Or say ye that Abraham, and Ishmael, and Isaac, and Jacob, and the tribes
were Jews or Christians? Say: Do ye know best, or doth Allah? And who is more
unjust than he who hideth a testimony which he hath received from Allah? Allah
is not unaware of what ye do.
Those are a people who have passed away; theirs is that which they earned
and yours that which ye earn. And ye will not be asked of what they used to do.
The foolish of the people will say: What hath turned them from the qiblah
which they formerly observed? Say: Unto Allah belong the East and the West. He
guideth whom He will unto a straight path.
Thus We have appointed you a middle nation, that ye may be witnesses
against mankind, and that the messenger may be a witness against you. And We
appointed the qiblah which ye formerly observed only that We might know him who
followeth the messenger, from him who turneth on his heels. In truth it was a
hard [test] save for those whom Allah guided. But it was not Allah's purpose
that your faith should be in vain, for Allah is Full of Pity, Merciful toward
mankind.
We have seen the turning of thy face to heaven [for guidance, O Muhammad].
And now verily We shall make thee turn [in prayer] toward a qiblah which is dear
to thee. So turn thy face toward the Inviolable Place of Worship, and ye [O
Muslims], wheresoever ye may be, turn your faces [when ye pray] toward it. Lo!
Those who have received the Scripture know that [this revelation] is the Truth
from their Lord. And Allah is not unaware of what they do.
And even if thou broughtest unto those who have received the Scripture all
kinds of portents, they would not follow thy qiblah, nor canst thou be a
follower of their qiblah; nor are some of them followers of the qiblah of
others. And if thou shouldst follow their desires after the knowledge which hath
come unto thee, then surely wert thou of the evil-doers.
Those unto whom We gave the Scripture recognise [this revelation] as they
recognise their sons. But lo! a party of them knowingly conceal the truth.
It is the Truth from thy Lord [O Muhammad], so be not thou of those who
waver.
And each one hath a goal toward which he turneth; so vie with one another
in good works. Wheresoever ye may be, Allah will bring you all together. Lo!
Allah is Able to do all things.
And whencesoever thou comest forth [for prayer, O Muhammad] turn thy face
toward the Inviolable Place of Worship. Lo! it is the Truth from thy Lord. Allah
is not unaware of what ye do.
Whencesoever thou comest forth turn thy face toward the Inviolable Place of
Worship; and wheresoever ye may be [O Muslims] turn your faces toward it [when
ye pray] so that men may have no argument against you, save such of them as do
injustice - Fear them not, but fear Me! - and so that I may complete My grace
upon you, and that ye may be guided.
Even as We have sent unto you a messenger from among you, who reciteth unto
you Our revelations and causeth you to grow, and teacheth you the Scripture and
wisdom, and teacheth you that which ye knew not.
Therefore remember Me, I will remember you. Give thanks to Me, and reject
not Me.
O ye who believe! Seek help in steadfastness and prayer. Lo! Allah is with
the steadfast.
And call not those who are slain in the way of Allah "dead." Nay, they are
living, only ye perceive not.
And surely We shall try you with something of fear and hunger, and loss of
wealth and lives and crops; but give glad tidings to the steadfast,
Who say, when a misfortune striketh them: Lo! we are Allah's and lo! unto
Him we are returning.
Such are they on whom are blessings from their Lord, and mercy. Such are
the rightly guided.
Lo! [the mountains] As-Safa and Al-Marwah are among the indications of
Allah. It is therefore no sin for him who is on pilgrimage to the House [of
Allah] or visiteth it, to go around them [as the pagan custom is]. And he who
doeth good of his own accord, [for him] lo! Allah is Responsive, Aware.
Lo! Those who hide the proofs and the guidance which We revealed, after We
had made it clear to mankind in the Scripture: such are accursed of Allah and
accursed of those who have the power to curse.
Except those who repent and amend and make manifest [the truth]. These it
is toward whom I relent. I am the Relenting, the Merciful.
Lo! Those who disbelieve, and die while they are disbelievers; on them is
the curse of Allah and of angels and of men combined.
They ever dwell therein. The doom will not be lightened for them, neither
will they be reprieved.
Your Allah is One Allah; there is no Allah save Him, the Beneficent, the
Merciful.
Lo! In the creation of the heavens and the earth, and the difference of
night and day, and the ships which run upon the sea with that which is of use to
men, and the water which Allah sendeth down from the sky, thereby reviving the
earth after its death, and dispersing all kinds of beasts therein, and [in] the
ordinance of the winds, and the clouds obedient between heaven and earth: are
signs [of Allah's Sovereignty] for people who have sense.
Yet of mankind are some who take unto themselves [objects of worship which
they set as] rivals to Allah, loving them with a love like [that which is the
due] of Allah [only] - those who believe are stauncher in their love for Allah Oh, that those who do evil had but known, [on the day] when they behold the
doom, that power belongeth wholly to Allah, and that Allah is severe in
punishment!
[On the day] when those who were followed disown those who followed [them],
and they behold the doom, and all their aims collapse with them.
And those who were but followers will say: If a return were possible for
us, we would disown them even as they have disowned us. Thus will Allah show
them their own deeds as anguish for them, and they will not emerge from the
Fire.
O mankind! Eat of that which is lawful and wholesome in the earth, and
follow not the footsteps of the devil. Lo! he is an open enemy for you.
He enjoineth upon you only the evil and the foul, and that ye should tell
concerning Allah that which ye know not.
And when it is said unto them: Follow that which Allah hath revealed, they
say: We follow that wherein we found our fathers. What! Even though their
fathers were wholly unintelligent and had no guidance?
The likeness of those who disbelieve [in relation to the messenger] is as
the likeness of one who calleth unto that which heareth naught except a shout
and cry. Deaf, dumb, blind, therefore they have no sense.
O ye who believe! Eat of the good things wherewith We have provided you,
and render thanks to Allah if it is [indeed] He Whom ye worship.
He hath forbidden you only carrion, and blood, and swineflesh, and that
which hath been immolated to [the name of] any other than Allah. But he who is
driven by necessity, neither craving nor transgressing, it is no sin for him.
Lo! Allah is Forgiving, Merciful.
Lo! those who hide aught of the Scripture which Allah hath revealed and
purchase a small gain therewith, they eat into their bellies nothing else than
fire. Allah will not speak to them on the Day of Resurrection, nor will He make
them grow. Theirs will be a painful doom.
Those are they who purchase error at the price of guidance, and torment at
the price of pardon. How constant are they in their strife to reach the Fire!
That is because Allah hath revealed the Scripture with the truth. Lo! those
who find [a cause of] disagreement in the Scripture are in open schism.
It is not righteousness that ye turn your faces to the East and the West;
but righteous is he who believeth in Allah and the Last Day and the angels and
the Scripture and the prophets; and giveth wealth, for love of Him, to kinsfolk
and to orphans and the needy and the wayfarer and to those who ask, and to set
slaves free; and observeth proper worship and payeth the poor-due. And those who
keep their treaty when they make one, and the patient in tribulation and
adversity and time of stress. Such are they who are sincere. Such are the Allahfearing.
O ye who believe! Retaliation is prescribed for you in the matter of the
murdered; the freeman for the freeman, and the slave for the slave, and the
female for the female. And for him who is forgiven somewhat by his [injured]
brother, prosecution according to usage and payment unto him in kindness. This
is an alleviation and a mercy from your Lord. He who transgresseth after this
will have a painful doom.
And there is life for you in retaliation, O men of understanding, that ye
may ward off [evil].
It is prescribed for you, when death approacheth one of you, if he leave
wealth, that he bequeath unto parents and near relatives in kindness. [This is]
a duty for all those who ward off [evil].
And whoso changeth [the will] after he hath heard it - the sin thereof is
only upon those who change it. Lo! Allah is Hearer, Knower.
But he who feareth from a testator some unjust or sinful clause, and maketh
peace between the parties, [it shall be] no sin for him. Lo! Allah is Forgiving,
Merciful.
O ye who believe! Fasting is prescribed for you, even as it was prescribed
for those before you, that ye may ward off [evil];
[Fast] a certain number of days; and [for] him who is sick among you, or on
a journey, [the same] number of other days; and for those who can afford it
there is a ransom: the feeding of a man in need - but whoso doeth good of his
own accord, it is better for him: and that ye fast is better for you if ye did
but know 185. The month of Ramadan in which was revealed the Qur'an, a guidance for
mankind, and clear proofs of the guidance, and the Criterion [of right and
wrong]. And whosoever of you is present, let him fast the month, and whosoever
of you is sick or on a journey, [let him fast the same] number of other days.
Allah desireth for you ease; He desireth not hardship for you; and [He desireth]
that ye should complete the period, and that ye should magnify Allah for having
guided you, and that peradventure ye may be thankful.
And when My servants question thee concerning Me, then surely I am nigh. I
answer the prayer of the suppliant when he crieth unto Me. So let them hear My
call and let them trust in Me, in order that they may be led aright.
It is made lawful for you to go in unto your wives on the night of the
fast. They are raiment for you and ye are raiment for them. Allah is Aware that
ye were deceiving yourselves in this respect and He hath turned in mercy toward
you and relieved you. So hold intercourse with them and seek that which Allah
hath ordained for you, and eat and drink until the white thread becometh
distinct to you from the black thread of the dawn. Then strictly observe the
fast till nightfall and touch them not, but be at your devotions in the mosques.
These are the limits imposed by Allah, so approach them not. Thus Allah
expoundeth His revelation to mankind that they may ward off [evil].
And eat not up your property among yourselves in vanity, nor seek by it to
gain the hearing of the judges that ye may knowingly devour a portion of the
property of others wrongfully.
They ask thee, [O Muhammad], of new moons, say: They are fixed seasons for
mankind and for the pilgrimage. It is not righteousness that ye go to houses by
the backs thereof [as do the idolaters at certain seasons], but the righteous
man is he who wardeth off [evil]. So go to houses by the gates thereof, and
observe your duty to Allah, that ye may be successful.
Fight in the way of Allah against those who fight against you, but begin
not hostilities. Lo! Allah loveth not aggressors.
No, please don't kill anyone! Thanks! :)
But if they desist, then lo! Allah is Forgiving, Merciful.
And fight them until persecution is no more, and religion is for Allah. But
if they desist, then let there be no hostility except against wrong-doers.
The forbidden month for the forbidden month, and forbidden things in
retaliation. And one who attacketh you, attack him in like manner as he attacked
you. Observe your duty to Allah, and know that Allah is with those who ward off
[evil].
Spend your wealth for the cause of Allah, and be not cast by your own hands
to ruin; and do good. Lo! Allah loveth the beneficent.
Perform the pilgrimage and the visit [to Makka] for Allah. And if ye are
prevented, then send such gifts as can be obtained with ease, and shave not your
heads until the gifts have reached their destination. And whoever among you is
sick or hath an ailment of the head must pay a ransom of fasting or almsgiving
or offering. And if ye are in safety, then whosoever contenteth himself with the
visit for the pilgrimage [shall give] such gifts as can be had with ease. And
whosoever cannot find [such gifts], then a fast of three days while on the
pilgrimage, and of seven when ye have returned; that is, ten in all. That is for
him whoso folk are not present at the Inviolable Place of Worship. Observe your
duty to Allah, and know that Allah is severe in punishment.
The pilgrimage is [in] the well-known months, and whoever is minded to
perform the pilgrimage therein [let him remember that] there is [to be] no
lewdness nor abuse nor angry conversation on the pilgrimage. And whatsoever good
ye do Allah knoweth it. So make provision for yourselves [Hereafter]; for the
best provision is to ward off evil. Therefore keep your duty unto Me, O men of
understanding.
It is no sin for you that ye seek the bounty of your Lord [by trading].
But, when ye press on in the multitude from 'Arafat, remember Allah by the
sacred monument. Remember Him as He hath guided you, although before ye were of
those astray.
Then hasten onward from the place whence the multitude hasteneth onward,
and ask forgiveness of Allah. Lo! Allah is Forgiving, Merciful.
And when ye have completed your devotions, then remember Allah as ye
remember your fathers or with a more lively remembrance. But of mankind is he
who saith: "Our Lord! Give unto us in the world," and he hath no portion in the
Hereafter.
And of them [also] is he who saith: "Our Lord! Give unto us in the world
that which is good and in the Hereafter that which is good, and guard us from
the doom of Fire."
For them there is in store a goodly portion out of that which they have
earned. Allah is swift at reckoning.
Remember Allah through the appointed days. Then whoso hasteneth [his
departure] by two days, it is no sin for him, and whoso delayeth, it is no sin
for him; that is for him who wardeth off [evil]. Be careful of your duty to
Allah, and know that unto Him ye will be gathered.
And of mankind there is he whoso conversation on the life of this world
pleaseth thee [Muhammad], and he calleth Allah to witness as to that which is in
his heart; yet he is the most rigid of opponents.
And when he turneth away [from thee] his effort in the land is to make
mischief therein and to destroy the crops and the cattle; and Allah loveth not
mischief.
And when it is said unto him: Be careful of thy duty to Allah, pride taketh
him to sin. Hell will settle his account, an evil resting-place.
And of mankind is he who would sell himself, seeking the pleasure of Allah;
and Allah hath compassion on [His] bondmen.
O ye who believe! Come, all of you, into submission [unto Him]; and follow
not the footsteps of the devil. Lo! he is an open enemy for you.
And if ye slide back after the clear proofs have come unto you, then know
that Allah is Mighty, Wise.
Wait they for naught else than that Allah should come unto them in the
shadows of the clouds with the angels? Then the case would be already judged.
All cases go back to Allah [for judgment].
Ask of the Children of Israel how many a clear revelation We gave them! He
who altereth the grace of Allah after it hath come unto him [for him], lo! Allah
is severe in punishment.
Beautified is the life of the world for those who disbelieve; they make a
jest of the believers. But those who keep their duty to Allah will be above them
on the Day of Resurrection. Allah giveth without stint to whom He will.
Mankind were one community, and Allah sent [unto them] prophets as bearers
of good tidings and as warners, and revealed therewith the Scripture with the
truth that it might judge between mankind concerning that wherein they differed.
And only those unto whom [the Scripture] was given differed concerning it, after
clear proofs had come unto them, through hatred one of another. And Allah by His
Will guided those who believe unto the truth of that concerning which they
differed. Allah guideth whom He will unto a straight path.
Or think ye that ye will enter paradise while yet there hath not come unto
you the like of [that which came to] those who passed away before you?
Affliction and adversity befell them, they were shaken as with earthquake, till
the messenger [of Allah] and those who believed along with him said: When cometh
Allah's help? Now surely Allah's help is nigh.
They ask thee, [O Muhammad], what they shall spend. Say: that which ye
spend for good [must go] to parents and near kindred and orphans and the needy
and the wayfarer. And whatsoever good ye do, lo! Allah is Aware of it.
Warfare is ordained for you, though it is hateful unto you; but it may
happen that ye hate a thing which is good for you, and it may happen that ye
love a thing which is bad for you. Allah knoweth, ye know not.
They question thee [O Muhammad] with regard to warfare in the sacred month.
Say: Warfare therein is a great [transgression], but to turn [men] from the way
of Allah, and to disbelieve in Him and in the Inviolable Place of Worship, and
to expel His people thence, is a greater with Allah; for persecution is worse
than killing. And they will not cease from fighting against you till they have
made you renegades from your religion, if they can. And whoso becometh a
renegade and dieth in his disbelief: such are they whose works have fallen both
in the world and the Hereafter. Such are rightful owners of the Fire: they will
abide therein.
Lo! those who believe, and those who emigrate [to escape the persecution]
and strive in the way of Allah, these have hope of Allah's mercy. Allah is
Forgiving, Merciful.
They question thee about strong drink and games of chance. Say: In both is
great sin, and [some] utility for men; but the sin of them is greater than their
usefulness. And they ask thee what they ought to spend. Say: that which is
superfluous. Thus Allah maketh plain to you [His] revelations, that haply ye may
reflect.
Upon the world and the Hereafter. And they question thee concerning
orphans. Say: To improve their lot is best. And if ye mingle your affairs with
theirs, then [they are] your brothers. Allah knoweth him who spoileth from him
who improveth. Had Allah willed He could have overburdened you. Allah is Mighty,
Wise.
Wed not idolatresses till they believe; for lo! a believing bondwoman is
better than an idolatress though she please you; and give not your daughters in
marriage to idolaters till they believe, for lo! a believing slave is better
than an idolater though he please you. These invite unto the Fire, and Allah
inviteth unto the Garden, and unto forgiveness by His grace, and expoundeth His
revelations to mankind that haply they may remember.
They question thee [O Muhammad] concerning menstruation. Say: It is an
illness, so let women alone at such times and go not in unto them till they are
cleansed. And when they have purified themselves, then go in unto them as Allah
hath enjoined upon you. Truly Allah loveth those who turn unto Him, and loveth
those who have a care for cleanness.
Your women are a tilth for you [to cultivate] so go to your tilth as ye
will, and send [good deeds] before you for your souls, and fear Allah, and know
that ye will [one day] meet Him. Give glad tidings to believers, [O Muhammad].
And make not Allah, by your oaths, a hindrance to your being righteous and
observing your duty unto Him and making peace among mankind. Allah is Hearer,
Knower.
Allah will not take you to task for that which is unintentional in your
oaths. But He will take you to task for that which your hearts have garnered.
Allah is Forgiving, Clement.
Those who forswear their wives must wait four months; then, if they change
their mind, lo! Allah is Forgiving, Merciful.
And if they decide upon divorce [let them remember that] Allah is Hearer,
Knower.
Women who are divorced shall wait, keeping themselves apart, three
[monthly] courses. And it is not lawful for them that they should conceal that
which Allah hath created in their wombs if they are believers in Allah and the
Last Day. And their husbands would do better to take them back in that case if
they desire a reconciliation. And they [women] have rights similar to those [of
men] over them in kindness, and men are a degree above them. Allah is Mighty,
Wise.
Divorce must be pronounced twice and then [a woman] must be retained in
honour or released in kindness. And it is not lawful for you that ye take from
women aught of that which ye have given them; except [in the case] when both
fear that they may not be able to keep within the limits [imposed by] Allah. And
if ye fear that they may not be able to keep the limits of Allah, in that case
it is no sin for either of them if the woman ransom herself. These are the
limits [imposed by] Allah. Transgress them not. For whoso transgresseth Allah's
limits: such are wrong-doers.
And if he hath divorced her [the third time], then she is not lawful unto
him thereafter until she hath wedded another husband. Then if he [the other
husband] divorce her it is no sin for both of them that they come together again
if they consider that they are able to observe the limits of Allah. These are
the limits of Allah. He manifesteth them for people who have knowledge.
When ye have divorced women, and they have reached their term, then retain
them in kindness or release them in kindness. Retain them not to their hurt so
that ye transgress [the limits]. He who doeth that hath wronged his soul. Make
not the revelations of Allah a laughing-stock [by your behaviour], but remember
Allah's grace upon you and that which He hath revealed unto you of the Scripture
and of wisdom, whereby He doth exhort you. Observe your duty to Allah and know
that Allah is Aware of all things.
And when ye have divorced women and they reach their term, place not
difficulties in the way of their marrying their husbands if it is agreed between
them in kindness. This is an admonition for him among you who believeth in Allah
and the Last Day. That is more virtuous for you, and cleaner. Allah knoweth; ye
know not.
Mothers shall suckle their children for two whole years; [that is] for
those who wish to complete the suckling. The duty of feeding and clothing
nursing mothers in a seemly manner is upon the father of the child. No-one
should be charged beyond his capacity. A mother should not be made to suffer
because of her child, nor should he to whom the child is born [be made to
suffer] because of his child. And on the [father's] heir is incumbent the like
of that [which was incumbent on the father]. If they desire to wean the child by
mutual consent and [after] consultation, it is no sin for them; and if ye wish
to give your children out to nurse, it is no sin for you, provide that ye pay
what is due from you in kindness. Observe your duty to Allah, and know that
Allah is Seer of what ye do.
Such of you as die and leave behind them wives, they [the wives] shall
wait, keeping themselves apart, four months and ten days. And when they reach
the term [prescribed for them] then there is no sin for you in aught that they
may do with themselves in decency. Allah is informed of what ye do.
There is no sin for you in that which ye proclaim or hide in your minds
concerning your troth with women. Allah knoweth that ye will remember them. But
plight not your troth with women except by uttering a recognised form of words.
And do not consummate the marriage until [the term] prescribed is run. Know that
Allah knoweth what is in your minds, so beware of Him; and know that Allah is
Forgiving, Clement.
It is no sin for you if ye divorce women while yet ye have not touched
them, nor appointed unto them a portion. Provide for them, the rich according to
his means, and the straitened according to his means, a fair provision. [This
is] a bounden duty for those who do good.
If ye divorce them before ye have touched them and ye have appointed unto
them a portion, then [pay the] half of that which ye appointed, unless they [the
women] agree to forgo it, or he agreeth to forgo it in whose hand is the
marriage tie. To forgo is nearer to piety. And forget not kindness among
yourselves. Allah is Seer of what ye do.
Be guardians of your prayers, and of the midmost prayer, and stand up with
devotion to Allah.
And if ye go in fear, then [pray] standing or on horseback. And when ye are
again in safety, remember Allah, as He hath taught you that which [heretofore]
ye knew not.
[In the case of] those of you who are about to die and leave behind them
wives, they should bequeath unto their wives a provision for the year without
turning them out, but if they go out [of their own accord] there is no sin for
you in that which they do of themselves within their rights. Allah is Mighty,
Wise.
For divorced women a provision in kindness: a duty for those who ward off
[evil].
Thus Allah expoundeth unto you His revelations so that ye may understand.
Bethink thee [O Muhammad] of those of old, who went forth from their
habitations in their thousands, fearing death, and Allah said unto them: Die;
and then He brought them back to life. Lo! Allah is a Lord of Kindness to
mankind, but most of mankind give not thanks.
Fight in the way of Allah, and know that Allah is Hearer, Knower.
Who is it that will lend unto Allah a goodly loan, so that He may give it
increase manifold? Allah straiteneth and enlargeth. Unto Him ye will return.
Bethink thee of the leaders of the Children of Israel after Moses, how they
said unto a prophet whom they had: Set up for us a king and we will fight in
Allah's way. He said: Would ye then refrain from fighting if fighting were
prescribed for you? They said: Why should we not fight in Allah's way when we
have been driven from our dwellings with our children? Yet, when fighting was
prescribed for them, they turned away, all save a few of them. Allah is aware of
evil-doers.
Their Prophet said unto them: Lo! Allah hath raised up Saul to be a king
for you. They said: How can he have kingdom over us when we are more deserving
of the kingdom than he is, since he hath not been given wealth enough? He said:
Lo! Allah hath chosen him above you, and hath increased him abundantly in wisdom
and stature. Allah bestoweth His Sovereignty on whom He will. Allah is AllEmbracing, All-Knowing.
And their Prophet said unto them: Lo! the token of his kingdom is that
Lord, and a remnant of that which the house of Moses and the house of Aaron left
behind, the angels bearing it. Lo! herein shall be a token for you if [in truth]
ye are believers.
And when Saul set out with the army, he said: Lo! Allah will try you by
[the ordeal of] a river. Whosoever therefore drinketh thereof he is not of me,
and whosoever tasteth it not he is of me, save him who taketh [thereof] in the
hollow of his hand. But they drank thereof, all save a few of them. And after he
had crossed [the river], he and those who believed with him, they said: We have
no power this day against Goliath and his hosts. But those who knew that they
would meet Allah exclaimed: How many a little company hath overcome a mighty
host by Allah's leave! Allah is with the steadfast.
And when they went into the field against Goliath and his hosts they said:
Our Lord! Bestow on us endurance, make our foothold sure, and give us help
against the disbelieving folk.
So they routed them by Allah's leave and David slew Goliath; and Allah gave
him the kingdom and wisdom, and taught him of that which He willeth. And if
Allah had not repelled some men by others the earth would have been corrupted.
But Allah is a Lord of Kindness to [His] creatures.
These are the portents of Allah which We recite unto thee [Muhammad] with
truth, and lo! thou art of the number of [Our] messengers;
Of those messengers, some of whom We have caused to excel others, and of
whom there are some unto whom Allah spake, while some of them He exalted [above
others] in degree; and We gave Jesus, son of Mary, clear proofs [of Allah's
Sovereignty] and We supported him with the holy Spirit. And if Allah had so
wiled it, those who followed after them would not have fought one with another
after the clear proofs had come unto them. But they differed, some of them
believing and some disbelieving. And if Allah had so willed it, they would not
have fought one with another; but Allah doeth what He will.
O ye who believe! spend of that wherewith We have provided you ere a day
come when there will be no trafficking, nor friendship, nor intercession. The
disbelievers, they are the wrong-doers.
Allah! There is no deity save Him, the Alive, the Eternal. Neither slumber
nor sleep overtaketh Him. Unto Him belongeth whatsoever is in the heavens and
whatsoever is in the earth. Who is he that intercedeth with Him save by His
leave? He knoweth that which is in front of them and that which is behind them,
while they encompass nothing of His knowledge save what He will. His throne
includeth the heavens and the earth, and He is never weary of preserving them.
He is the Sublime, the Tremendous.
There is no compulsion in religion. The right direction is henceforth
distinct from error. And he who rejecteth false deities and believeth in Allah
hath grasped a firm handhold which will never break. Allah is Hearer, Knower.
Allah is the Protecting Guardian of those who believe. He bringeth them out
of darkness into light. As for those who disbelieve, their patrons are false
deities. They bring them out of light into darkness. Such are rightful owners of
the Fire. They will abide therein.
Bethink thee of him who had an argument with Abraham about his Lord,
because Allah had given him the kingdom; how, when Abraham said: My Lord is He
Who giveth life and causeth death, he answered: I give life and cause death.
Abraham said: Lo! Allah causeth the sun to rise in the East, so do thou cause it
to come up from the West. Thus was the disbeliever abashed. And Allah guideth
not wrongdoing folk.
Or [bethink thee of] the like of him who, passing by a township which had
fallen into utter ruin, exclaimed: How shall Allah give this township life after
its death? And Allah made him die a hundred years, then brought him back to
life. He said: How long hast thou tarried? [The man] said: I have tarried a day
or part of a day. [He] said: Nay, but thou hast tarried for a hundred years.
Just look at thy food and drink which have not rotted! Look at thine ass! And,
that We may make thee a token unto mankind, look at the bones, how We adjust
them and then cover them with flesh! And when [the matter] became clear unto
him, he said: I know now that Allah is Able to do all things.
And when Abraham said [unto his Lord]: My Lord! Show me how Thou givest
life to the dead, He said: Dost thou not believe? Abraham said: Yea, but [I ask]
in order that my heart may be at ease. [His Lord] said: Take four of the birds
and cause them to incline unto thee, then place a part of them on each hill,
then call them, they will come to thee in haste, and know that Allah is Mighty,
Wise.
The likeness of those who spend their wealth in Allah's way is as the
likeness of a grain which groweth seven ears, in every ear a hundred grains.
Allah giveth increase manifold to whom He will. Allah is All-Embracing, AllKnowing.
Those who spend their wealth for the cause of Allah and afterward make not
reproach and injury to follow that which they have spent; their reward is with
their Lord, and there shall no fear come upon them, neither shall they grieve.
A kind word with forgiveness is better than almsgiving followed by injury.
Allah is Absolute, Clement.
O ye who believe! Render not vain your almsgiving by reproach and injury,
like him who spendeth his wealth only to be seen of men and believeth not in
Allah and the Last Day. His likeness is as the likeness of a rock whereon is
dust of earth; a rainstorm smiteth it, leaving it smooth and bare. They have no
control of aught of that which they have gained. Allah guideth not the
disbelieving folk.
And the likeness of those who spend their wealth in search of Allah's
pleasure, and for the strengthening of their souls, is as the likeness of a
garden on a height. The rainstorm smiteth it and it bringeth forth its fruit
twofold. And if the rainstorm smite it not, then the shower. Allah is Seer of
what ye do.
Would any of you like to have a garden of palm-trees and vines, with rivers
flowing underneath it, with all kinds of fruit for him therein; and old age hath
stricken him and he hath feeble offspring; and a fiery whirlwind striketh it and
it is [all] consumed by fire. Thus Allah maketh plain His revelations unto you,
in order that ye may give thought.
O ye who believe! Spend of the good things which ye have earned, and of
that which We bring forth from the earth for you, and seek not the bad [with
intent] to spend thereof [in charity] when ye would not take it for yourselves
save with disdain; and know that Allah is Absolute, Owner of Praise.
The devil promiseth you destitution and enjoineth on you lewdness. But
Allah promiseth you forgiveness from Himself with bounty. Allah is AllEmbracing, All-knowing.
He giveth wisdom unto whom He will, and he unto whom wisdom is given, he
truly hath received abundant good. But none remember except men of
understanding.
Whatever alms ye spend or vow ye vow, lo! Allah knoweth it. Wrong-doers
have no helpers.
If ye publish your almsgiving, it is well, but if ye hide it and give it to
the poor, it will be better for you, and will atone for some of your ill-deeds.
Allah is Informed of what ye do.
The guiding of them is not thy duty [O Muhammad], but Allah guideth whom He
will. And whatsoever good thing ye spend, it is for yourselves, when ye spend
not save in search of Allah's Countenance; and whatsoever good thing ye spend,
it will be repaid to you in full, and ye will not be wronged.
[Alms are] for the poor who are straitened for the cause of Allah, who
cannot travel in the land [for trade]. The unthinking man accounteth them
wealthy because of their restraint. Thou shalt know them by their mark: They do
not beg of men with importunity. And whatsoever good thing ye spend, lo! Allah
knoweth it.
Those who spend their wealth by night and day, by stealth and openly,
verily their reward is with their Lord, and their shall no fear come upon them
neither shall they grieve.
Those who swallow usury cannot rise up save as he ariseth whom the devil
hath prostrated by [his] touch. That is because they say: Trade is just like
usury; whereas Allah permitteth trading and forbiddeth usury. He unto whom an
admonition from his Lord cometh, and [he] refraineth [in obedience thereto], he
shall keep [the profits of] that which is past, and his affair [henceforth] is
with Allah. As for him who returneth [to usury] - Such are rightful owners of
the Fire. They will abide therein.
Allah hath blighted usury and made almsgiving fruitful. Allah loveth not
the impious and guilty.
Lo! those who believe and do good works and establish worship and pay the
poor-due, their reward is with their Lord and there shall no fear come upon them
neither shall they grieve.
O ye who believe! Observe your duty to Allah, and give up what remaineth
[due to you] from usury, if ye are [in truth] believers.
And if ye do not, then be warned of war [against you] from Allah and His
messenger. And if ye repent, then ye have your principal [without interest].
Wrong not, and ye shall not be wronged.
And if the debtor is in straitened circumstances, then [let there be]
postponement to [the time of] ease; and that ye remit the debt as almsgiving
would be better for you if ye did but know.
And guard yourselves against a day in which ye will be brought back to
Allah. Then every soul will be paid in full that which it hath earned, and they
will not be wronged.
O ye who believe! When ye contract a debt for a fixed term, record it in
writing. Let a scribe record it in writing between you in [terms of] equity. No
scribe should refuse to write as Allah hath taught him, so let him write, and
let him who incurreth the debt dictate, and let him observe his duty to Allah
his Lord, and diminish naught thereof. But if he who oweth the debt is of low
understanding, or weak, or unable himself to dictate, then let the guardian of
his interests dictate in [terms of] equity. And call to witness, from among your
men, two witnesses. And if two men be not [at hand] then a man and two women, of
such as ye approve as witnesses, so that if the one erreth [through
forgetfulness] the other will remember. And the witnesses must not refuse when
they are summoned. Be not averse to writing down [the contract] whether it be
small or great, with [record of] the term thereof. That is more equitable in the
sight of Allah and more sure for testimony, and the best way of avoiding doubt
between you; save only in the case when it is actual merchandise which ye
transfer among yourselves from hand to hand. In that case it is no sin for you
if ye write it not. And have witnesses when ye sell one to another, and let no
harm be done to scribe or witness. If ye do [harm to them] lo! it is a sin in
you. Observe your duty to Allah. Allah is teaching you. And Allah is knower of
all things.
If ye be on a journey and cannot find a scribe, then a pledge in hand
[shall suffice]. And if one of you entrusteth to another let him who is trusted
deliver up that which is entrusted to him [according to the pact between them]
and let him observe his duty to Allah his Lord. Hide not testimony. He who
hideth it, verily his heart is sinful. Allah is Aware of what ye do.
Unto Allah [belongeth] whatsoever is in the heavens and whatsoever is in
the earth; and whether ye make known what is in your minds or hide it, Allah
will bring you to account for it. He will forgive whom He will and He will
punish whom He will. Allah is Able to do all things.
The messenger believeth in that which hath been revealed unto him from his
Lord and [so do] believers. Each one believeth in Allah and His angels and His
scriptures and His messengers - We make no distinction between any of His
messengers - and they say: We hear, and we obey. [Grant us] Thy forgiveness, our
Lord. Unto Thee is the journeying.
Allah tasketh not a soul beyond its scope. For it [is only] that which it
hath earned, and against it [only] that which it hath deserved. Our Lord!
Condemn us not if we forget, or miss the mark! Our Lord! Lay not on us such a
burden as thou didst lay on those before us! Our Lord! Impose not on us that
which we have not the strength to bear! Pardon us, absolve us and have mercy on
us, Thou, our Protector, and give us victory over the disbelieving folk.
HOUSE OF 'IMRAN)
Alim. Lam. Mim.
Allah! There is no Allah save Him, the Alive, the Eternal.
He hath revealed unto thee [Muhammad] the Scripture with truth, confirming
that which was [revealed] before it, even as He revealed the Torah and the
Gospel.
Aforetime, for a guidance to mankind; and hath revealed the Criterion [of
right and wrong]. Lo! those who disbelieve the revelations of Allah, theirs will
be a heavy doom. Allah is Mighty, Able to Requite [the wrong].
Lo! nothing in the earth or in the heavens is hidden from Allah.
He it is Who fashioneth you in the wombs as pleaseth Him. There is no Allah
save Him, the Almighty, the Wise.
He it is Who hath revealed unto thee [Muhammad] the Scripture wherein are
clear revelations - they are the substance of the Book - and others [which are]
allegorical. But those in whose hearts is doubt pursue, forsooth, that which is
allegorical seeking [to cause] dissension by seeking to explain it. None knoweth
its explanation save Allah. And those who are of sound instruction say: We
believe therein; the whole is from our Lord; but only men of understanding
really heed.
Our Lord! Cause not our hearts to stray after Thou hast guided us, and bestow
upon us mercy from Thy Presence. Lo! Thou, only Thou, art the Bestower.
Our Lord! Lo! it is Thou Who gatherest mankind together to a Day of which
there is no doubt. Lo! Allah faileth not to keep the tryst.
[On that Day] neither the riches nor the progeny of those who disbelieve
will aught avail them with Allah. They will be fuel for Fire.
Like Pharaoh's folk and those who were before them, they disbelieved Our
revelations and so Allah seized them for their sins. And Allah is severe in
punishment.
Say [O Muhammad] unto those who disbelieve: Ye shall be overcome and
gathered unto Hell, an evil resting-place.
There was a token for you in two hosts which met: one army fighting in the
way of Allah, and another disbelieving, whom they saw as twice their number,
clearly, with their very eyes. Thus Allah strengtheneth with His succour whom He
will. Lo! herein verily is a lesson for those who have eyes.
Beautified for mankind is love of the joys [that come] from women and
offspring; and stored-up heaps of gold and silver, and horses branded [with
their mark], and cattle and land. That is comfort of the life of the world.
Allah! With Him is a more excellent abode.
Say: Shall I inform you of something better than that? For those who keep
from evil, with their Lord, are Gardens underneath which rivers flow wherein
they will abide, and pure companions, and contentment from Allah. Allah is Seer
of His bondmen,
Those who say: Our Lord! Lo! we believe. So forgive us our sins and guard us
from the punishment of Fire;
The steadfast, and the truthful, and the obedient, those who spend [and
hoard not], those who pray for pardon in the watches of the night.
Allah [Himself] is Witness that there is no Allah save Him. And the angels
and the men of learning [too are witness]. Maintaining His creation in justice,
there is no Allah save Him the Almighty, the Wise.
Lo! religion with Allah [is] the Surrender [to His Will and Guidance]. Those
who [formerly] received the Scripture differed only after knowledge came unto
them, through transgression among themselves. Whoso disbelieveth the revelations
of Allah [will find that] lo! Allah is swift at reckoning.
And if they argue with thee, [O Muhammad], say:
purpose to Allah and [so have] those who follow me.
received the Scripture and those who read not: Have
they surrender, then truly they are rightly guided,
I have surrendered my
And say unto those who have
ye [too] surrendered? If
and if they turn away, then
it is thy duty only to convey the message [unto them]. Allah is Seer of [His]
bondmen.
Lo! those who disbelieve the revelations of Allah, and slay the prophets
wrongfully, and slay those of mankind who enjoin equity: promise them a painful
doom.
Those are they whose works have failed in the world and the Hereafter; and
they have no helpers.
Hast thou not seen how those who have received a portion of the Scripture
invoke the Scripture of Allah [in their disputes] that it may judge between
them; then a faction of them turn away, being opposed [to it]?
That is because they say: The Fire will not touch us save for a certain
number of days. That which they used to invent hath deceived them regarding
their religion.
How [will it be with them] when We have brought them all together to a Day
of which there is no doubt, when every soul will be paid in full what it hath
earned, and they will not be wronged.
Say: O Allah! Owner of Sovereignty! Thou givest sovereignty unto whom Thou
wilt, and Thou withdrawest sovereignty from whom Thou wilt. Thou exaltest whom
Thou wilt, and Thou abasest whom Thou wilt. In Thy hand is the good. Lo! Thou
art Able to do all things.
Thou causest the night to pass into the day, and Thou causest the day to
pass into the night. And Thou bringest forth the living from the dead, and Thou
bringest forth the dead from the living. And Thou givest sustenance to whom Thou
choosest, without stint.
Let not the believers take disbelievers for their friends in preference to
believers. Whoso doeth that hath no connection with Allah unless [it be] that ye
but guard yourselves against them, taking [as it were] security. Allah biddeth
you beware [only] of Himself. Unto Allah is the journeying.
Say, [O Muhammad]: Whether ye hide that which is in your breasts or reveal
it, Allah knoweth it. He knoweth that which is in the heavens and that which is
in the earth, and Allah is Able to do all things.
On the Day when every soul will find itself confronted with all that it hath
done of good and all that it hath done of evil [every soul] will long that there
might be a mighty space of distance between it and that [evil]. Allah biddeth
you beware of Him. And Allah is Full of Pity for [His] bondmen.
Say, [O Muhammad, to mankind]: If ye love Allah, follow me; Allah will love
you and forgive you your sins. Allah is Forgiving, Merciful.
Say: Obey Allah and the messenger. But if they turn away, lo! Allah loveth
not the disbelievers [in His guidance].
Lo! Allah preferred Adam and Noah and the Family of Abraham and the Family
of 'Imran above [all His] creatures.
They were descendants one of another. Allah is Hearer, Knower.
[Remember] when the wife of 'Imran said: My Lord! I have vowed unto Thee
that which is in my belly as a consecrated [offering]. Accept it from me. Lo!
Thou, only Thou, art the Hearer, the Knower!
And when she was delivered she said: My Lord! Lo! I am delivered of a female
- Allah knew best of what she was delivered - the male is not as the female; and
lo! I have named her Mary, and lo! I crave Thy protection for her and for her
offspring from Satan the outcast.
And her Lord accepted her with full acceptance and vouchsafed to her a
goodly growth; and made Zachariah her guardian. Whenever Zachariah went into the
sanctuary where she was, he found that she had food. He said: O Mary! Whence
cometh unto thee this [food]? She answered: It is from Allah. Allah giveth
without stint to whom He will.
Then Zachariah prayed unto his Lord and said: My Lord! Bestow upon me of Thy
bounty goodly offspring. Lo! Thou art the Hearer of Prayer.
And the angels called to him as he stood praying in the sanctuary: Allah
giveth thee glad tidings of [a son whose name is] John, [who cometh] to confirm
a word from Allah lordly, chaste, a prophet of the righteous.
He said: My Lord! How can I have a son when age hath overtaken me already
and my wife is barren? [The angel] answered: So [it will be]. Allah doeth what
He will.
He said: My Lord! Appoint a token for me. [The angel] said: The token unto
thee [shall be] that thou shalt not speak unto mankind three days except by
signs. Remember thy Lord much, and praise [Him] in the early hours of night and
morning.
And when the angels said: O Mary! Lo! Allah hath chosen thee and made thee
pure, and hath preferred thee above [all] the women of creation.
O Mary! Be obedient to thy Lord, prostrate thyself and bow with those who
bow [in worship].
This is of the tidings of things hidden. We reveal it unto thee [Muhammad].
Thou wast not present with them when they threw their pens [to know] which of
them should be the guardian of Mary, nor wast thou present with them when they
quarrelled [thereupon].
[And remember] when the angels said: O Mary! Lo! Allah giveth thee glad
tidings of a word from him, whose name is the Messiah, Jesus, son of Mary,
illustrious in the world and the Hereafter, and one of those brought near [unto
Allah].
He will speak unto mankind in his cradle and in his manhood, and he is of
the righteous.
She said: My Lord! How can I have a child when no mortal hath touched me? He
said: So [it will be]. Allah createth what He will. If He decreeth a thing, He
saith unto it only: Be! and it is.
And He will teach him the Scripture and wisdom, and the Torah and the
Gospel,
And will make him a messenger unto the Children of Israel, [saying]: Lo! I
come unto you with a sign from your Lord. Lo! I fashion for you out of clay the
likeness of a bird, and I breathe into it and it is a bird, by Allah's leave. I
heal him who was born blind, and the leper, and I raise the dead, by Allah's
leave. And I announce unto you what ye eat and what ye store up in your houses.
Lo! herein verily is a portent for you, if ye are to be believers.
And [I come] confirming that which was before me of the Torah, and to make
lawful some of that which was forbidden unto you. I come unto you with a sign
from your Lord, so keep your duty to Allah and obey me.
Lo! Allah is my Lord and your Lord, so worship Him. That is a straight path.
But when Jesus became conscious of their disbelief, he cried: Who will be my
helpers in the cause of Allah? The disciples said: We will be Allah's helpers.
We believe in Allah, and bear thou witness that we have surrendered [unto Him].
Our Lord! We believe in that which Thou hast revealed and we follow him whom
Thou hast sent. Enrol us among those who witness [to the truth].
And they [the disbelievers] schemed, and Allah schemed [against them]: and
Allah is the best of schemers.
[And remember] when Allah said: O Jesus! Lo! I am gathering thee and causing
thee to ascend unto Me, and am cleansing thee of those who disbelieve and am
setting those who follow thee above those who disbelieve until the Day of
Resurrection. Then unto Me ye will [all] return, and I shall judge between you
as to that wherein ye used to differ.
As for those who disbelieve I shall chastise them with a heavy chastisement
in the world and the Hereafter; and they will have no helpers.
And as for those who believe and do good works, He will pay them their wages
in full. Allah loveth not wrong-doers.
This [which] We recite unto thee is a revelation and a wise reminder.
Lo! the likeness of Jesus with Allah is as the likeness of Adam. He created
him of dust, then He said unto him: Be! and he is.
[This is] the truth from thy Lord [O Muhammad], so be not thou of those who
waver.
And whoso disputeth with thee concerning him, after the knowledge which hath
come unto thee, say [unto him]: Come! We will summon our sons and your sons, and
our women and your women, and ourselves and yourselves, then we will pray humbly
[to our Lord] and [solemnly] invoke the curse of Allah upon those who lie.
Lo! This verily is the true narrative. There is no Allah save Allah, and lo!
Allah, He verily is, is the Mighty, the Wise.
And if they turn away, then lo! Allah is Aware of [who are] the corrupters.
Say: O People of the Scripture! Come to an agreement between us and you:
that we shall worship none but Allah, and that we shall ascribe no partner unto
Him, and that none of us shall take others for lords beside Allah. And if they
turn away, then say: Bear witness that we are they who have surrendered [unto
Him].
O People of the Scripture! Why will ye argue about Abraham, when the Torah
and the Gospel were not revealed till after him? Have ye then no sense?
Lo! ye are those who argue about that whereof ye have some knowledge: Why
then argue ye concerning that whereof ye have no knowledge? Allah knoweth. Ye
know not.
Abraham was not a Jew, nor yet a Christian; but he was an upright man who
had surrendered [to Allah], and he was not of the idolaters.
Lo! those of mankind who have the best claim to Abraham are those who
followed him, and this Prophet and those who believe [with him]; and Allah is
the Protecting Guardian of the believers.
A party of the People of the Scripture long to make you go astray; and they
make none to go astray except themselves, but they perceive not.
O People of the Scripture! Why disbelieve ye in the revelations of Allah,
when ye [yourselves] bear witness [to their truth]?
O People of the Scripture! Why confound ye truth with falsehood and
knowingly conceal the truth?
And a party of the People of the Scripture say: Believe in that which hath
been revealed unto those who believe at the opening of the day, and disbelieve
at the end thereof, in order that they may return;
And believe not save in one who followeth your religion - Say [O Muhammad]:
Lo! the guidance is Allah's Guidance - that anyone is given the like of that
which was given unto you or that they may argue with you in the presence of
their Lord. Say [O Muhammad]: Lo! the bounty is in Allah's hand. He bestoweth it
on whom He will. Allah is All-Embracing, All-Knowing.
He selecteth for His mercy whom He will. Allah is of Infinite Bounty.
Among the People of the Scripture there is he who, if thou trust him with a
weight of treasure, will return it to thee. And among them there is he who, if
thou trust him with a piece of gold, will not return it to thee unless thou keep
standing over him. That is because they say: We have no duty to the Gentiles.
They speak a lie concerning Allah knowingly.
Nay, but [the chosen of Allah is] he who fulfilleth his pledge and wardeth
off [evil]; for lo! Allah loveth those who ward off [evil].
Lo! those who purchase a small gain at the cost of Allah's covenant and
their oaths, they have no portion in the Hereafter. Allah will neither speak to
them nor look upon them on the Day of Resurrection, nor will He make them grow.
Theirs will be a painful doom.
And lo! there is a party of them who distort the Scripture with their
tongues, that ye may think that what they say is from the Scripture, when it is
not from the Scripture. And they say: It is from Allah, when it is not from
Allah; and they speak a lie concerning Allah knowingly.
It is not [possible] for any human being unto whom Allah had given the
Scripture and wisdom and the prophethood that he should afterwards have said
unto mankind: Be slaves of me instead of Allah; but [what he said was]: Be ye
faithful servants of the Lord by virtue of your constant teaching of the
Scripture and of your constant study thereof.
And he commanded you not that ye should take the angels and the prophets for
lords. Would he command you to disbelieve after ye had surrendered [to Allah]?
When Allah made [His] covenant with the prophets, [He said]: Behold that
which I have given you of the Scripture and knowledge. And afterward there will
come unto you a messenger, confirming that which ye possess. Ye shall believe in
him and ye shall help him. He said: Do ye agree, and will ye take up My burden
[which I lay upon you] in this [matter]? They answered: We agree. He said: Then
bear ye witness. I will be a witness with you.
Then whosoever after this shall turn away: they will be miscreants.
Seek they other than the religion of Allah, when unto Him submitteth
whosoever is in the heavens and the earth, willingly or unwillingly, and unto
Him they will be returned.
Say [O Muhammad]: We believe in Allah and that which is revealed unto us and
that which was revealed unto Abraham and Ishmael and Isaac and Jacob and the
tribes, and that which was vouchsafed unto Moses and Jesus and the prophets from
their Lord. We make no distinction between any of them, and unto Him we have
surrendered.
And whoso seeketh as religion other than the Surrender [to Allah] it will
not be accepted from him, and he will be a loser in the Hereafter.
How shall Allah guide a people who disbelieved after their belief and
[after] they bore witness that the messenger is true and after clear proofs [of
Allah's Sovereignty] had come unto them. And Allah guideth not wrongdoing folk.
As for such, their guerdon is that on them rests the curse of Allah and of
angels and of men combined.
They will abide therein. Their doom will not be lightened, neither will they
be reprieved;
Save those who afterward repent and do right. Lo! Allah is Forgiving,
Merciful.
Lo! those who disbelieve after their [profession of] belief, and afterward
grow violent in disbelief: their repentance will not be accepted. And such are
those who are astray.
Lo! those who disbelieve, and die in disbelief, the [whole] earth full of
gold would not be accepted from such an one if it were offered as a ransom [for
his soul]. Theirs will be a painful doom and they will have no helpers.
Ye will not attain unto piety until ye spend of that which ye love. And
whatsoever ye spend, Allah is Aware thereof.
All food was lawful unto the Children of Israel, save that which Israel
forbade himself, [in days] before the Torah was revealed. Say: Produce the Torah
and read it [unto us] if ye are truthful.
And whoever shall invent a falsehood after that concerning Allah, such will
be wrong-doers.
Say: Allah speaketh truth. So follow the religion of Abraham, the upright.
He was not of the idolaters.
Lo! the first Sanctuary appointed for mankind was that at Becca, a blessed
place, a guidance to the peoples;
Wherein are plain memorials [of Allah's guidance]; the place where Abraham
stood up to pray; and whosoever entereth it is safe. And pilgrimage to the House
is a duty unto Allah for mankind, for him who can find a way thither. As for him
who disbelieveth, [let him know that] lo! Allah is Independent of [all]
creatures.
Say: O People of the Scripture! Why disbelieve ye in the revelations of
Allah, when Allah [Himself] is Witness of what ye do?
Say: O People of the Scripture! Why drive ye back believers from the way of
Allah, seeking to make it crooked, when ye are witnesses [to Allah's guidance]?
Allah is not unaware of what ye do.
O ye who believe! If ye obey a party of those who have received the
Scripture they will make you disbelievers after your belief.
How can ye disbelieve, when it is ye unto whom Allah's revelations are
recited, and His messenger is in your midst? He who holdeth fast to Allah, he
indeed is guided unto a right path.
O ye who believe! Observe your duty to Allah with right observance, and die
not save as those who have surrendered [unto Him]
And hold fast, all of you together, to the cable of Allah, and do not
separate. And remember Allah's favour unto you: How ye were enemies and He made
friendship between your hearts so that ye became as brothers by His grace; and
[how] ye were upon the brink of an abyss of fire, and He did save you from it.
Thus Allah maketh clear His revelations unto you, that haply ye may be guided,
And there may spring from you a nation who invite to goodness, and enjoin
right conduct and forbid indecency. Such are they who are successful.
And be ye not as those who separated and disputed after the clear proofs
had come unto them. For such there is an awful doom,
On the Day when [some] faces will be whitened and [some] faces will be
blackened; and as for those whose faces have been blackened, it will be said
unto them: Disbelieved ye after your [profession of] belief? Then taste the
punishment for that ye disbelieved.
And as for those whose faces have been whitened, in the mercy of Allah they
dwell for ever.
These are revelations of Allah. We recite them unto thee in truth. Allah
willeth no injustice to [His] creatures.
Unto Allah belongeth whatsoever is in the heavens and whatsoever is in the
earth; and unto Allah all things are returned.
Ye are the best community that hath been raised up for mankind. Ye enjoin
right conduct and forbid indecency; and ye believe in Allah. And if the People
of the Scripture had believed it had been better for them. Some of them are
believers; but most of them are evil-livers.
They will not harm you save a trifling hurt, and if they fight against you
they will turn and flee. And afterward they will not be helped.
Ignominy shall be their portion wheresoever they are found save [where they
grasp] a rope from Allah and a rope from men. They have incurred anger from
their Lord, and wretchedness is laid upon them. That is because they used to
disbelieve the revelations of Allah, and slew the prophets wrongfully. That is
because they were rebellious and used to transgress.
They are not all alike. Of the People of the Scripture there is a staunch
community who recite the revelations of Allah in the night season, falling
prostrate [before Him].
They believe in Allah and the Last Day, and enjoin right conduct and forbid
indecency, and vie one with another in good works. These are of the righteous.
And whatever good they do, they will not be denied the meed thereof. Allah
is Aware of those who ward off [evil].
Lo! the riches and the progeny of those who disbelieve will not avail them
aught against Allah; and such are rightful owners of the Fire. They will abide
therein.
The likeness of that which they spend in this life of the world is as the
likeness of a biting, icy wind which smiteth the harvest of a people who have
wronged themselves, and devastateth it. Allah wronged them not, but they do
wrong themselves.
O ye who believe! Take not for intimates others than your own folk, who
would spare no pains to ruin you; they love to hamper you. Hatred is revealed by
[the utterance of] their mouths, but that which their breasts hide is greater.
We have made plain for you the revelations if ye will understand.
Lo! ye are those who love them though they love you not, and ye believe in
all the Scripture. When they fall in with you they say: We believe; but when
they go apart they bite their finger-tips at you, for rage. Say: Perish in your
rage! Lo! Allah is Aware of what is hidden in [your] breasts.
If a lucky chance befall you, it is evil unto them, and if disaster strike
you they rejoice thereat. But if ye persevere and keep from evil their guile
will never harm you. Lo! Allah is Surrounding what they do.
And when thou settedst forth at daybreak from thy housefolk to assign to
the believers their positions for the battle, Allah was Hearer, Knower.
When two parties of you almost fell away, and Allah was their Protecting
Friend. In Allah let believers put their trust.
Allah had already given you the victory at Badr, when ye were contemptible.
So observe your duty to Allah in order that ye may be thankful.
When thou didst say unto the believers: Is it not sufficient for you that
your Lord should support you with three thousand angels sent down [to your
help]?
Nay, but if ye persevere, and keep from evil, and [the enemy] attack you
suddenly, your Lord will help you with five thousand angels sweeping on.
Allah ordained this only as a message of good cheer for you, and that
thereby your hearts might be at rest - Victory cometh only from Allah, the
Mighty, the Wise 127. That He may cut off a part of those who disbelieve, or overwhelm them so
that they retire, frustrated.
It is no concern at all of thee [Muhammad] whether He relent toward them or
punish them; for they are evil-doers.
Unto Allah belongeth whatsoever is in the heavens and whatsoever is in the
earth. He forgiveth whom He will, and punisheth whom He will. Allah is
Forgiving, Merciful.
O ye who believe! Devour not usury, doubling and quadrupling [the sum
lent]. Observe your duty to Allah, that ye may be successful.
And ward off [from yourselves] the Fire prepared for disbelievers.
And obey Allah and the messenger, that ye may find mercy.
And vie one with another for forgiveness from your Lord, and for a paradise
as wide as are the heavens and the earth, prepared for those who ward off
[evil];
Those who spend [of that which Allah hath given them] in ease and in
adversity, those who control their wrath and are forgiving toward mankind; Allah
loveth the good;
And those who, when they do an evil thing or wrong themselves, remember
Allah and implore forgiveness for their sins - Who forgiveth sins save Allah
only? - and will not knowingly repeat [the wrong] they did.
The reward of such will be forgiveness from their Lord, and Gardens
underneath which rivers flow, wherein they will abide for ever - a bountiful
reward for workers!
Systems have passed away before you. Do but travel in the land and see the
nature of the consequence for those who did deny [the messengers].
This is a declaration for mankind, a guidance and an admonition unto those
who ward off [evil]
Faint not nor grieve, for ye will overcome them if ye are [indeed]
believers.
If ye have received a blow, the [disbelieving] people have received a blow
the like thereof. These are [only] the vicissitudes which We cause to follow one
another for mankind, to the end that Allah may know those who believe and may
choose witnesses from among you; and Allah loveth not wrong-doers.
And that Allah may prove those who believe, and may blight the
disbelievers.
Or deemed ye that ye would enter paradise while yet Allah knoweth not those
of you who really strive, nor knoweth those [of you] who are steadfast?
And verily ye used to wish for death before ye met it [in the field]. Now
ye have seen it with your eyes!
Muhammad is but a messenger, messengers [the like of whom] have passed away
before him. Will it be that, when he dieth or is slain, ye will turn back on
your heels? He who turneth back on his heels doth no hurt to Allah, and Allah
will reward the thankful.
No soul can ever die except by Allah's leave and at a term appointed. Whoso
desireth the reward of the world, We bestow on him thereof; and whoso desireth
the reward of the Hereafter, We bestow on him thereof. We shall reward the
thankful.
And with how many a prophet have there been a number of devoted men who
fought [beside him]. They quailed not for aught that befell them in the way of
Allah, nor did they weaken, nor were they brought low. Allah loveth the
steadfast.
Their cry was only that they said: Our Lord! forgive us for our sins and
wasted efforts, make our foothold sure, and give us victory over the
disbelieving folk.
So Allah gave them the reward of the world and the good reward of the
Hereafter. Allah loveth those whose deeds are good.
O ye who believe! if ye obey those who disbelieve, they will make you turn
back on your heels, and ye turn back as losers.
But Allah is your Protector, and He is the Best of Helpers.
We shall cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve because they
ascribe unto Allah partners, for which no warrant hath been revealed. Their
habitation is the Fire, and hapless the abode of the wrong-doers.
Allah verily made good His promise unto you when ye routed them by His
leave, until [the moment] when your courage failed you, and ye disagreed about
the order and ye disobeyed, after He had shown you that for which ye long. Some
of you desired the world, and some of you desired the Hereafter. Therefore He
made you flee from them, that He might try you. Yet now He hath forgiven you.
Allah is a Lord of Kindness to believers.
When ye climbed [the hill] and paid no heed to anyone, while the messenger,
in your rear, was calling you [to fight]. Therefor He rewarded you grief for
[his] grief, that [He might teach] you not to sorrow either for that which ye
missed or for that which befell you. Allah is Informed of what ye do.
Then, after grief, He sent down security for you. As slumber did it
overcome a party of you, while [the other] party, who were anxious on their own
account, thought wrongly of Allah, the thought of ignorance. They said: Have we
any part in the cause? Say [O Muhammad]: The cause belongeth wholly to Allah.
They hide within themselves [a thought] which they reveal not unto thee, saying:
Had we had any part in the cause we should not have been slain here. Say: Even
though ye had been in your houses, those appointed to be slain would have gone
forth to the places where they were to lie. [All this hath been] in order that
Allah might try what is in your breasts and prove what is in your hearts. Allah
is Aware of what is hidden in the breasts [of men].
Lo! those of you who turned back on the day when the two hosts met, Satan
alone it was who caused them to backslide, because of some of that which they
have earned. Now Allah hath forgiven them. Lo! Allah is Forgiving, Clement.
O ye who believe! Be not as those who disbelieved and said of their
brethren who went abroad in the land or were fighting in the field: If they had
been [here] with us they would not have died or been killed: that Allah may make
it anguish in their hearts. Allah giveth life and causeth death; and Allah is
Seer of what ye do.
And what though ye be slain in Allah's way or die therein? Surely pardon
from Allah and mercy are better than all that they amass.
What though ye be slain or die, when unto Allah ye are gathered?
It was by the mercy of Allah that thou wast lenient with them [O Muhammad],
for if thou hadst been stern and fierce of heart they would have dispersed from
round about thee. So pardon them and ask forgiveness for them and consult with
them upon the conduct of affairs. And when thou art resolved, then put thy trust
in Allah. Lo! Allah loveth those who put their trust [in Him].
If Allah is your helper none can overcome you, and if He withdraw His help
from you, who is there who can help you after Him? In Allah let believers put
their trust.
It is not for any prophet to embezzle. Whoso embezzleth will bring what he
embezzled with him on the Day of Resurrection. Then every soul will be paid in
full what it hath earned; and they will not be wronged.
Is one who followeth the pleasure of Allah as one who hath earned
condemnation from Allah, whose habitation is the Fire, a hapless journey's end?
There are degrees [of grace and reprobation] with Allah, and Allah is Seer
of what they do.
Allah verily hath shown grace to the believers by sending unto them a
messenger of their own who reciteth unto them His revelations, and causeth them
to grow, and teacheth them the Scripture and wisdom; although before [he came to
them] they were in flagrant error.
And was it so, when a disaster smote you, though ye had smitten [them with
a disaster] twice [as great], that ye said: How is this? Say [unto them, O
Muhammad]: It is from yourselves. Lo! Allah is Able to do all things.
That which befell you, on the day when the two armies met, was by
permission of Allah; that He might know the true believers;
And that He might know the hypocrites, unto whom it was said: Come, fight
in the way of Allah, or defend yourselves. They answered: If we knew aught of
fighting we would follow you. On that day they were nearer disbelief than faith.
They utter with their mouths a thing which is not in their hearts. Allah is Best
Aware of what they hide.
Those who, while they sat at home, said of their brethren [who were
fighting for the cause of Allah]: If they had been guided by us they would not
have been slain. Say [unto them, O Muhammad]: Then avert death from yourselves
if ye are truthful.
Think not of those, who are slain in the way of Allah, as dead. Nay, they
are living. With their Lord they have provision.
Jubilant [are they] because of that which Allah hath bestowed upon them of
His bounty, rejoicing for the sake of those who have not joined them but are
left behind: That there shall no fear come upon them neither shall they grieve.
They rejoice because of favour from Allah and kindness, and that Allah
wasteth not the wage of the believers.
As for those who heard the call of Allah and His messenger after the harm
befell them [in the fight]; for such of them as do right and ward off [evil],
there is great reward.
Those unto whom men said: Lo! the people have gathered against you,
therefor fear them. [The threat of danger] but increased the faith of them and
they cried: Allah is Sufficient for us! Most Excellent is He in Whom we trust!
So they returned with grace and favour from Allah, and no harm touched
them. They followed the good pleasure of Allah, and Allah is of Infinite Bounty.
It is only the devil who would make [men] fear his partisans. Fear them
not; fear Me, if ye are true believers.
Let not their conduct grieve thee, who run easily to disbelief, for lo!
they injure Allah not at all. It is Allah's Will to assign them no portion in
the Hereafter, and theirs will be an awful doom.
Those who purchase disbelief at the price of faith harm Allah not at all,
but theirs will be a painful doom.
And let not those who disbelieve imagine that the rein We give them bodeth
good unto their souls. We only give them rein that they may grow in sinfulness.
And theirs will be a shameful doom.
It is not [the purpose] of Allah to leave you in your present state till He
shall separate the wicked from the good. And it is not [the purpose of] Allah to
let you know the Unseen. But Allah chooseth of His messengers whom He will, [to
receive knowledge thereof]. So believe in Allah and His messengers. If ye
believe and ward off [evil], yours will be a vast reward.
And let not those who hoard up that which Allah hath bestowed upon them of
His bounty think that it is better for them. Nay, it is worse for them. That
which they hoard will be their collar on the Day of Resurrection. Allah's is the
heritage of the heavens and the earth, and Allah is Informed of what ye do.
Verily Allah heard the saying of those who said, [when asked for
contributions to the war]: "Allah, forsooth, is poor, and we are rich!" We shall
record their saying with their slaying of the prophets wrongfully and We shall
say: Taste ye the punishment of burning!
This is on account of that which your own hands have sent before [you to
the judgment]. Allah is no oppressor of [His] bondmen.
[The same are] those who say: Lo! Allah hath charged
in any messenger until he bring us an offering which fire
devour. Say [unto them, O Muhammad]: Messengers came unto
miracles, and with that [very miracle] which ye describe.
them? [Answer that] if ye are truthful!
us that we believe not
[from heaven] shall
you before me with
Why then did ye slay
And if they deny thee, even so did they deny messengers who were before
thee, who came with miracles and with the Psalms and with the Scripture giving
light.
Every soul will taste of death. And ye will be paid on the Day of
Resurrection only that which ye have fairly earned. Whoso is removed from the
Fire and is made to enter paradise, he indeed is triumphant. The life of this
world is but comfort of illusion.
Assuredly ye will be tried in your property and in your persons, and ye
will hear much wrong from those who were given the Scripture before you, and
from the idolaters. But if ye persevere and ward off [evil], then that is of the
steadfast heart of things.
And [remember] when Allah laid a charge on those who had received the
Scripture [He said]: Ye are to expound it to mankind and not to hide it. But
they flung it behind their backs and bought thereby a little gain. Verily evil
is that which they have gained thereby.
Think not that those who exult in what they have given, and love to be
praised for what they have not done - Think not, they are in safety from the
doom. A painful doom is theirs.
Unto Allah belongeth the Sovereignty of the heavens and the earth. Allah is
Able to do all things.
Lo! In the creation of the heavens and the earth and [in] the difference of
night and day are tokens [of His Sovereignty] for men of understanding,
Such as remember Allah, standing, sitting, and reclining, and consider the
creation of the heavens and the earth, [and say]: Our Lord! Thou createdst not
this in vain. Glory be to Thee! Preserve us from the doom of Fire.
Our Lord! Whom Thou causest to enter the Fire: him indeed Thou hast
confounded. For evil-doers there will be no helpers.
Our Lord! Lo! we have heard a crier calling unto Faith: "Believe ye in your
Lord!" So we believed. Our Lord! Therefor forgive us our sins, and remit from us
our evil deeds, and make us die the death of the righteous.
Our Lord! And give us that which Thou hast promised to us by Thy
messengers. Confound us not upon the Day of Resurrection. Lo! Thou breakest not
the tryst.
And their Lord hath heard them [and He saith]: Lo! I suffer not the work of
any worker, male or female, to be lost. Ye proceed one from another. So those
who fled and were driven forth from their homes and suffered damage for My
cause, and fought and were slain, verily I shall remit their evil deeds from
them and verily I shall bring them into Gardens underneath which rivers flow - A
reward from Allah. And with Allah is the fairest of rewards.
Let not the vicissitude [of the success] of those who disbelieve, in the
land, deceive thee [O Muhammad].
It is but a brief comfort. And afterward their habitation will be hell, an
ill abode.
But those who keep their duty to their Lord, for them are Gardens
underneath which rivers flow, wherein they will be safe for ever. A gift of
welcome from their Lord. That which Allah hath in store is better for the
righteous.
And lo! of the People of the Scripture there are some who believe in Allah
and that which is revealed unto you and that which was revealed unto them,
humbling themselves before Allah. They purchase not a trifling gain at the price
of the revelations of Allah. Verily their reward is with their Lord. Lo! Allah
is swift to take account.
O ye who believe! Endure, outdo all others in endurance, be ready, and
observe your duty to Allah, in order that ye may succeed.
O mankind! Be careful of your duty to your Lord Who created you from a single
soul and from it created its mate and from them twain hath spread abroad a
multitude of men and women. Be careful of your duty toward Allah in Whom ye
claim [your rights] of one another, and toward the wombs [that bare you]. Lo!
Allah hath been a watcher over you.
Give unto orphans their wealth. Exchange not the good for the bad [in your
management thereof] nor absorb their wealth into your own wealth. Lo! that would
be a great sin.
And if ye fear that ye will not deal fairly by the orphans, marry of the
women, who seem good to you, two or three or four; and if ye fear that ye cannot
do justice [to so many] then one [only] or [the captives] that your right hands
possess. Thus it is more likely that ye will not do injustice.
And give unto the women [whom ye marry] free gift of their marriage portions;
but if they of their own accord remit unto you a part thereof, then ye are
welcome to absorb it [in your wealth].
Give not unto the foolish [what is in] your [keeping of their] wealth, which
Allah hath given you to maintain; but feed and clothe them from it, and speak
kindly unto them.
Prove orphans till they reach the marriageable age; then, if ye find them of
sound judgment, deliver over unto them their fortune; and devour it not by
squandering and in haste lest they should grow up Whoso [of the guardians] is
rich, let him abstain generously [from taking of the property of orphans]; and
whoso is poor let him take thereof in reason [for his guardianship]. And when ye
deliver up their fortune unto orphans, have [the transaction] witnessed in their
presence. Allah sufficeth as a Reckoner.
Unto the men [of a family] belongeth a share of that which parents and near
kindred leave, and unto the women a share of that which parents and near kindred
leave, whether it be little or much - a legal share.
And when kinsfolk and orphans and the needy are present at the division [of
the heritage], bestow on them therefrom and speak kindly unto them.
And let those fear [in their behaviour toward orphans] who if they left
behind them weak offspring would be afraid for them. So let them mind their duty
to Allah, and speak justly.
Lo! Those who devour the wealth of orphans wrongfully, they do but swallow
fire into their bellies, and they will be exposed to burning flame.
Allah chargeth you concerning [the provision for] your children: to the male
the equivalent of the portion of two females, and if there be women more than
two, then theirs is two-thirds of the inheritance, and if there be one [only]
then the half. And to each of his parents a sixth of the inheritance, if he have
a son; and if he have no son and his parents are his heirs, then to his mother
appertaineth the third; and if he have brethren, then to his mother appertaineth
the sixth, after any legacy he may have bequeathed, or debt [hath been paid].
Your parents and your children: Ye know not which of them is nearer unto you in
usefulness. It is an injunction from Allah. Lo! Allah is Knower, Wise.
And unto you belongeth a half of that which your wives leave, if they have
no child; but if they have a child then unto you the fourth of that which they
leave, after any legacy they may have bequeathed, or debt [they may have
contracted, hath been paid]. And unto them belongeth the fourth of that which ye
leave if ye have no child, but if ye have a child then the eighth of that which
ye leave, after any legacy ye may have bequeathed, or debt [ye may have
contracted, hath been paid]. And if a man or a woman have a distant heir [having
left neither parent nor child], and he [or she] have a brother or a sister [only
on the mother's side] then to each of them twain [the brother and the sister]
the sixth, and if they be more than two, then they shall be sharers in the
third, after any legacy that may have been bequeathed or debt [contracted] not
injuring [the heirs by willing away more than a third of the heritage] hath been
paid. A commandment from Allah. Allah is Knower, Indulgent.
These are the limits [imposed by] Allah. Whoso obeyeth Allah and His
messenger, He will make him enter Gardens underneath which rivers flow, where
such will dwell for ever. That will be the great success.
And whoso disobeyeth Allah and His messenger and transgresseth His limits,
He will make him enter Fire, where he will dwell for ever; his will be a
shameful doom.
As for those of your women who are guilty of lewdness, call to witness four
of you against them. And if they testify [to the truth of the allegation] then
confine them to the houses until death take them or [until] Allah appoint for
them a way [through new legislation].
And as for the two of you who are guilty thereof, punish them both. And if
they repent and improve, then let them be. Lo! Allah is ever relenting,
Merciful.
Forgiveness is only incumbent on Allah toward those who do evil in ignorance
[and] then turn quickly [in repentance] to Allah. These are they toward whom
Allah relenteth. Allah is ever Knower, Wise.
The forgiveness is not for those who do ill-deeds until, when death
attendeth upon one of them, he saith: Lo! I repent now; nor yet for those who
die while they are disbelievers. For such We have prepared a painful doom.
O ye who believe! It is not lawful for you forcibly to inherit the women [of
your deceased kinsmen], nor [that] ye should put constraint upon them that ye
may take away a part of that which ye have given them, unless they be guilty of
flagrant lewdness. But consort with them in kindness, for if ye hate them it may
happen that ye hate a thing wherein Allah hath placed much good.
And if ye wish to exchange one wife for another and ye have given unto one
of them a sum of money [however great], take nothing from it. Would ye take it
by the way of calumny and open wrong?
How can ye take it [back] after one of you hath gone in unto the other, and
they have taken a strong pledge from you?
And marry not those women whom your fathers married, except what hath
already happened [of that nature] in the past. Lo! it was ever lewdness and
abomination, and an evil way.
Forbidden unto you are your mothers, and your daughters, and your sisters,
and your father's sisters, and your mother's sisters, and your brother's
daughters and your sister's daughters, and your foster-mothers, and your foster-
sisters, and your mothers-in-law, and your step-daughters who are under your
protection [born] of your women unto whom ye have gone in - but if ye have not
gone in unto them, then it is no sin for you [to marry their daughters] - and
the wives of your sons who [spring] from your own loins. And [it is forbidden
unto you] that ye should have two sisters together, except what hath already
happened [of that nature] in the past. Lo! Allah is ever Forgiving, Merciful.
And all married women [are forbidden unto you] save those [captives] whom
your right hands possess. It is a decree of Allah for you. Lawful unto you are
all beyond those mentioned, so that ye seek them with your wealth in honest
wedlock, not debauchery. And those of whom ye seek content [by marrying them],
give unto them their portions as a duty. And there is no sin for you in what ye
do by mutual agreement after the duty [hath been done]. Lo! Allah is ever
Knower, Wise.
And whoso is not able to afford to marry free, believing women, let them
marry from the believing maids whom your right hands possess. Allah knoweth best
[concerning] your faith. Ye [proceed] one from another; so wed them by
permission of their folk, and give unto them their portions in kindness, they
being honest, not debauched nor of loose conduct. And if when they are
honourably married they commit lewdness they shall incur the half of the
punishment [prescribed] for free women [in that case]. This is for him among you
who feareth to commit sin. But to have patience would be better for you. Allah
is Forgiving, Merciful.
Allah would explain to you and guide you by the examples of those who were
before you, and would turn to you in mercy. Allah is Knower, Wise.
And Allah would turn to you in mercy; but those who follow vain desires
would have you go tremendously astray.
Allah would make the burden light for you, for man was created weak.
O ye who believe! Squander not your wealth among yourselves in vanity,
except it be a trade by mutual consent, and kill not one another. Lo! Allah is
ever Merciful unto you.
Whoso doeth that through aggression and injustice, we shall cast him into
Fire, and that is ever easy for Allah.
If ye avoid the great [things] which ye are forbidden, We will remit from
you your evil deeds and make you enter at a noble gate.
And covet not the thing in which Allah hath made some of you excel others.
Unto men a fortune from that which they have earned, and unto women a fortune
from that which they have earned. [Envy not one another] but ask Allah of His
bounty. Lo! Allah is ever Knower of all things.
And unto each We have appointed heirs of that which parents and near kindred
leave; and as for those with whom your right hands have made a covenant, give
them their due. Lo! Allah is ever Witness over all things.
Men are in charge of women, because Allah hath made the one of them to excel
the other, and because they spend of their property [for the support of women].
So good women are the obedient, guarding in secret that which Allah hath
guarded. As for those from whom ye fear rebellion, admonish them and banish them
to beds apart, and scourge them. Then if they obey you, seek not a way against
them. Lo! Allah is ever High, Exalted, Great.
And if ye fear a breach between them twain [the man and wife], appoint an
arbiter from his folk and an arbiter from her folk. If they desire amendment
Allah will make them of one mind. Lo! Allah is ever Knower, Aware.
And serve Allah. Ascribe no thing as partner unto Him. [Show] kindness unto
parents, and unto near kindred, and orphans, and the needy, and unto the
neighbour who is of kin [unto you] and the neighbour who is not of kin, and the
fellow-traveller and the wayfarer and [the slaves] whom your right hands
possess. Lo! Allah loveth not such as are proud and boastful,
Who hoard their wealth and enjoin avarice on others, and hide that which
Allah hath bestowed upon them of His bounty. For disbelievers We prepare a
shameful doom;
And [also] those who spend their wealth in order to be seen of men, and
believe not in Allah nor the Last Day. Whoso taketh Satan for a comrade, a bad
comrade hath he.
What have they [to fear] if they believe in Allah and the Last Day and spend
[aright] of that which Allah hath bestowed upon them, when Allah is ever Aware
of them [and all they do]?
Lo! Allah wrongeth not even of the weight of an ant; and if there is a good
deed, He will double it and will give [the doer] from His presence an immense
reward.
But how [will it be with them] when We bring of every people a witness, and
We bring thee [O Muhammad] a witness against these?
On that day those who disbelieved and disobeyed the messenger will wish that
they were level with the ground, and they can hide no fact from Allah.
O ye who believe! Draw not near unto prayer when ye are drunken, till ye
know that which ye utter, nor when ye are polluted, save when journeying upon
the road, till ye have bathed. And if ye be ill, or on a journey, or one of you
cometh from the closet, or ye have touched women, and ye find not water, then go
to high clean soil and rub your faces and your hands [therewith]. Lo! Allah is
Benign, Forgiving.
Seest thou not those unto whom a portion of the Scripture hath been given,
how they purchase error, and seek to make you [Muslims] err from the right way?
Allah knoweth best [who are] your enemies. Allah is sufficient as a
Guardian, and Allah is sufficient as a Supporter.
Some of those who are Jews change words from their context and say: "We hear
and disobey; hear thou as one who heareth not" and "Listen to us!" distorting
with their tongues and slandering religion. If they had said: "We hear and we
obey: hear thou, and look at us" it had been better for them, and more upright.
But Allah hath cursed them for their disbelief, so they believe not, save a few.
O ye unto whom the Scripture hath been given! Believe in what We have
revealed confirming that which ye possess, before We destroy countenances so as
to confound them, or curse them as We cursed the Sabbath-breakers [of old time].
The commandment of Allah is always executed.
Lo! Allah forgiveth not that a partner should be ascribed unto Him. He
forgiveth [all] save that to whom He will. Whoso ascribeth partners to Allah, he
hath indeed invented a tremendous sin.
Hast thou not seen those who praise themselves for purity? Nay, Allah
purifieth whom He will, and they will not be wronged even the hair upon a datestone.
See, how they invent lies about Allah! That of itself is flagrant sin.
Hast thou not seen those unto whom a portion of the Scripture hath been
given, how they believe in idols and false deities, and how they say of those
[idolaters] who disbelieve: "These are more rightly guided than those who
believe"?
Those are they whom Allah hath cursed, and he whom Allah hath cursed, thou
[O Muhammad] wilt find for him no helper.
Or have they even a share in the Sovereignty? Then in that case, they would
not give mankind even the speck on a date-stone.
Or are they jealous of mankind because of that which Allah of His bounty
hath bestowed upon them? For We bestowed upon the house of Abraham [of old] the
Scripture and wisdom, and We bestowed on them a mighty kingdom.
And of them were [some] who believed therein and of them were [some] who
turned away from it. Hell is sufficient for [their] burning.
Lo! Those who disbelieve Our revelations, We shall expose them to the Fire.
As often as their skins are consumed We shall exchange them for fresh skins that
they may taste the torment. Lo! Allah is ever Mighty, Wise.
And as for those who believe and do good works, We shall make them enter
Gardens underneath which rivers flow - to dwell therein for ever; there for them
are pure companions - and We shall make them enter plenteous shade.
Lo! Allah commandeth you that ye restore deposits to their owners, and, if
ye judge between mankind, that ye judge justly. Lo! comely is this which Allah
admonisheth you. Lo! Allah is ever Hearer, Seer.
O ye who believe! Obey Allah, and obey the messenger and those of you who
are in authority; and if ye have a dispute concerning any matter, refer it to
Allah and the messenger if ye are [in truth] believers in Allah and the Last
Day. That is better and more seemly in the end.
Hast thou not seen those who pretend that they believe in that which is
revealed unto thee and that which was revealed before thee, how they would go
for judgment [in their disputes] to false deities when they have been ordered to
abjure them? Satan would mislead them far astray.
And when it is said unto them: Come unto that which Allah hath revealed and
unto the messenger, thou seest the hypocrites turn from thee with aversion.
How would it be if a misfortune smote them because of that which their own
hands have sent before [them]? Then would they come unto thee, swearing by Allah
that they were seeking naught but harmony and kindness.
Those are they, the secrets of whose hearts Allah knoweth. So oppose them
and admonish them, and address them in plain terms about their souls.
We sent no messenger save that he should be obeyed by Allah's leave. And if,
when they had wronged themselves, they had but come unto thee and asked
forgiveness of Allah, and asked forgiveness of the messenger, they would have
found Allah Forgiving, Merciful.
But nay, by thy Lord, they will not believe [in truth] until they make thee
judge of what is in dispute between them and find within themselves no dislike
of that which thou decidest, and submit with full submission.
And if We had decreed for them: Lay down your lives or go forth from your
dwellings, but few of them would have done it; though if they did what they are
exhorted to do it would be better for them, and more strengthening;
And then We should bestow upon them from Our presence an immense reward,
And should guide them unto a straight path.
Whoso obeyeth Allah and the messenger, they are with those unto whom Allah
hath shown favour, of the prophets and the saints and the martyrs and the
righteous. The best of company are they!
That 