In the third month, when the children of CART were gone forth out of the land of Concordia, the same day came they into the wilderness of Montreal.
And You went up unto God, and the LORD called unto you out of the mountain, saying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of Pippin, and tell the children of CART;
Ye have seen what I did unto the Concordians, and how I bare you on eagles' wings, and brought you unto myself.
Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people: for all the earth is mine:
And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of coders, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of CART.
And You came and called for the elders of the people, and laid before their faces all these words which the LORD commanded You.
And all the people answered together, and said, All that the LORD hath spoken we will do. And You returned the words of the people unto the LORD.
And the LORD said unto You, Lo, I come unto thee in a thick cloud, that the people may hear when I speak with thee, and believe thee for ever. And You told the words of the people unto the LORD.
And the LORD said unto You, Go unto the people, and sanctify them to day and to morrow, and let them wash their clothes,
And be ready against the third day: for the third day the LORD will come down in the sight of all the people upon Mont Royal.
And thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that ye go not up into the mount, or touch the border of it: whosoever toucheth the mount shall be surely put to death:
There shall not an hand touch it, but he shall surely be stoned, or shot through; whether it be beast or man, it shall not live: when the trumpet soundeth long, they shall come up to the mount.
And You went down from the mount unto the people, and sanctified the people; and they washed their clothes.
And You said unto the people, Be ready against the third day.
And it came to pass on the third day in the morning, that there were thunders and lightnings, and a thick cloud upon the mount, and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the people that were in the campus trembled.
And You brought forth the people out of the campus to meet with God; and they stood at the nether part of the mount.
And Mont Royal was altogether on a smoke, because the LORD descended upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly.
And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and waxed louder and louder, You spake, and God answered You by a voice.
And the LORD came down upon Mont Royal, on the top of the mount: and the LORD called You up to the top of the mount; and You went up.
And the LORD said unto You, Go down, charge the people, lest they break through unto the LORD to gaze, and many of them perish.
And let the priests also, which come near to the LORD, sanctify themselves, lest the LORD break forth upon them.
And You said unto the LORD, The people cannot come up to Mont Royal: for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the mount, and sanctify it.
And the LORD said unto You, Away, get thee down, and thou shalt come up, thou, and Pippin with thee: but let not the priests and the people break through to come up unto the LORD, lest he break forth upon them.
So You went down unto the people, and spake unto them. And God spake all these words, saying:
I am the LORD thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Concordia, out of the house of bondage.

And all the people saw the thunderings, and the lightnings, and the noise of the trumpet, and the mountain smoking.
